Remove duplicate(?) linux image
what does ipheth_carrier_set: usb_control_msg: -110 mean
Find and copy files where the destination directory is based on a part of the file name
Traffic control (TC) command with u32 filter - Not working (RTNETLINK answers: Invalid argument)
What is the difference between lscpu Socket and networking Socket?
Symbolic link picking up wrong directory
Error when using sed
Is there an opposite of 'tee', to stream multiple pipes together?
Tail -f breaks when file truncated
Sum of numbers using awk
What are difference of four different Linux version R?
resetting root password ovh
Pass argument to function with case statement
Firefox running on Antergos copy paste not working
Need to print the path for the texts on sub-directories (unix)
run command on multiple threads
Recover deleted LUKS partition
Remote Access to DEBIAN/ARM
Why is pacman-key trying to download the public key for the Pacman Keyring Master Key?
In a subdirectory, how do I delete all files that are 0 bytes in size?
Would a reinstall keep my /home with all documents on the Desktop
Apache proxy error to Bokeh server
Nondeterministic graphic cards device names
Protecting against "-" symbol in filenames
Run select shell commands as root without giving the user sudo permisions?
airodump-ng - What are the abbreviations in the WPS column?
how to extract certain columns
Restore GRUB splash screen
Renaming files to the prefix and the middle portion of the file name
dpkg-deb build ignores/misinterprets a changelog
How to sed only a piece of text?
Freeing initramfs ram after switching root when using overlayfs?
Not mounting Multiple NFS Share Directories using fstab on RHEL 7
su: User not known to the underlying authentication module
What is "( set -o posix ; set ) | less " doing?
sftp live preview meaning
Replace spaces at the beginning of line with "-"
Rhel 7 not booting up
How to update kali without internet connection manually?
Panic fault when mounting LVM2 volume
Change Zsh theme in Android Studio
how to `echo` 'formatted' man page of some command to text file
How to change keyboard layout for skype from docker?
chromeos - failed to read partition table
how to export name of logged in user correctly?
Curl 7.27: [ANY]_PROXY set; curl does not resolve the hostname via proxy
Raspberry Pi backup server (Mac & Windows)
How can i add network interface to LXC Container
bash for loop to run ruby scripts
iconv cannot replace Ø
How to add an alias to a kernel module?
Executing a command within `if` statement and on success perform further steps
bash add path to handle some files
Grub Installed On Hard Drive after ElementaryOS Install on USB?
iptables routing through firewall
how to find files based on filename range?
Change default port for PulseAudio (line out, not headphones)
Iterative Control Flow in Subshelled Script
Append unix timestamp to files with space using a script
manual questions
Switching shells for one cron job
No internet connection after uninstalling gnome [Fedora + Openbox]
Convert sysvinit/upstart init scripts to runit
Why is a mirror list important for my Arch installation?
How to extend root partition (which wasn't created using LVM) in debian linux
Is there a difference between "gain root privileges" and "execute any command"?
libevent... configure: error: not found, cannot proceed
xrdp fails to work on Arch Linux using i3 window manager
Disallow to download a file via SFTP
Festival CentOS 7 without Asterisk, Latin Spanish
Change default sampling input rate for ALSA
"Read-only filesystem" on NFS share, permissions, mounts and exports file seem ok
issues when installing nodejs for suse
Black Screen CentOS 7, VirtualBox-5.1.10
how to wait for many background jobs in bash
Changing username still leaves old traces
How to compile with third party libs properly?
File access time not updating in ubuntu 12.04
How to zip recursively all subdirectories that only contain text files
Purpose of HLFS
In Fedora, how do I turn off the automatic dictionary suggestions?
In Fedora, how do I select a proper Norwegian keyboard layout?
Network issue - only one machine can't access webpage on another machine
sshfs: experiencing data loss
Every few minutes sound is reset
dd behavior, default writing and partitions
How do I apply parameters to specific kernels with GRUB 2?
sshfs and Emacs: file changed on the disk
du reports size for a directory 4 KBs more than the sum total of the contents
BSD browser information
Debian 8 - kernel with vserver - apt can't find packages
Shutdown button in XFCE restarts computer
How can I submit the input filename into find exec correctly?
How to navigate the filesystem efficiently?
Rename files to insert _ between StudlyCapsified words
Turned on PC and everything is big Linux Mint
dhcpcd and /etc/network/interfaces
Invoking a script with sudo ignores the shebang
Can't connect to an external RDS TSG server from home
Greek characters in mutt's sidebar (mailboxes names sourced via offlineimap)
How to find out what process is writing to STDOUT?
Editing nsswitch.conf file safely
aspell installs too many languages
Creating multicast join for tcpdump captures
Pxeboot: Client not getting ip address from the DHCP Server
Sort comma-separated fields on each line by numeric value
DDNS (dynamic-dns) setup and adding a hostname to a device (to be visible on the network)
Scripts cannot run simultaneously on startup
How to permanently change both STDOUT and STDERR color to grey?
Cleaning voice recordings from command line?
CentOS doesn't see USB device
How to run script with the privileges expected of the script's general "intended user"?
What does ${1+"$@"} mean in a shell script, and how does it differ from "$@"?
command to zip multiple directories into individual zip files
Configure SSH keys for production and DR server
Simple Shell script to log disk space
Is it possible to bind a shell script to a key press
SSH via Corkscrew to a remote server not working
Can Linux support a "Ralink corp. RT2800 802.11n PCI" (maybe a RT2860STA?) in an Asus EEE 901 netbook
Recover deleted file that is currently being written to
Which Linux file systems for USB sticks?
How to power off USB stick or MMC card under linux?
I want to upgrade to Debian Squeeze, but what are some pre-caution procedures that I should take?
User's executed commands log file
How to stop a windows virus run in Wine from infecting executables?
A shell script for joining two files
Extracting text from a text file in bash
Ubuntu Server, set terminal font to a custom ttf font?
Kernel version not changing even though the new version is installed
Can changing systems too often harm my computer
Why are the first inode of the `/` mounted partition and inode of `/` different?
Grep for a string in file without using pipe
How to solve terminal window
Grep doesn't match carriage return characters
Does Unix/Linux have any security features against key loggers?
awk taking file names instead of files in for loop
MySQL dependencies conflicts
Lost speaker sound after unplugging headphones
How can I boot RedHat from an external hard disk on a macbook air?
Filenames read from a file not getting the correct value
How to remove the functions displayed by set command?
Glyphs from patched fonts not working on Debian
Spooler-Less Printing on Linux
Can't Start Fail2Ban
Why is the icon I've placed into /usr/share/icons not displaying in the MATE Applications menu?
How to install the latest Nvidia drivers on Linux Mint 19
Getting access to remote machines through remote server behind the NAT
Function to conditionally set a variable read-only
MultiMarkdown processors: Fonts?
How to pass a list of file names to xargs after checking if the file exists?
How do I use jpnevulator to capture and log the serial traffic between an application and hardware serial port?
Will a child process be in a different process group than the parent process?
Using LAN-USB adapter to connect to internet telephony device
Cleaning up KDE application menu (applications-kmenuedit.menu)
Counting and summing (and averaging) in an awk array
create unix alias for "ssh username@", and I would like to use it for any ipaddress.
Software cold reboot
How to remove overlapping regions in gff3 file using perl?
Can I use .desktop to treat a process as a separate app?
Why does Thunderbird display huge numbers?
Insufficient access when changing ldap user password
Can I switch to Legacy Boot from EFI on Debian Linux?
awk code / one-liner
What's the easiest way to cd to the deepest directory on an absolute path to a file?
Get PID of subshell when variable is used
Formatting ls -l Output into pipe delimited file
Installing the new Skype for Linux
How to find IP address of domains?
Turning on colours in vim is not working for some files
Devilspie on Wayland
Read/Write permission on subfolders with mount.cifs
AIX - using egrep for pattern matching of multiple string including variables
Recover data after hard drive faliure
raid 0 recovery after accidental dd to disk
Raspbian - Apache server not accessable over the internet
What is ${PYTHON_REL} FreeBSD
PulseAudio and MPD
OpenBSD - X Window system - no choice on reinstall
bash : export: `PATH:home/pi/netkit/bin:/usr/local ... invalid indentifier
Can you set an initial size to a Virtualbox Dynamically Allocated Storage Drive?
Is there a way to route all commands through a shell script instead of running directly?
How can I run Linux in 256 color
Changing between two xsessions is very slow if external monitor is connected
How to pass fastboot USB device to VirtualBox Windows VM from ArchLinux?
How to generate a set of new different files through shell scripting given a certain pattern name?
sudo NOPASSWD is ignored
ffmpeg bash script segment template
Why does perl complain about locales?
Is there an equivalent to top but for network I/O?
Shorewall 4-interface setup
Trouble with Debian Jessie, NVIDIA driver, Bumblebee and primusrun on Dell Vostro ultrabook
Create a bootable clone in Linux
Too many rcuos and rcuob processes in my VM
What is maximum size of any memory segment goes in real life coding?
Unable to clean ^[(B control characters from log file
Remote docker over ssh tunnel
Making environment variables available for downstream processes started within an init.d script
Convert output of script(1) to pdf
Cannot purge virtualbox
KDE Plasma 5 and Kali linux 2.0 Problem
check if the Linux kernel my PC runs has been maliciously modified
lamp server configuration error: locally stored php file not opening in the browser
Why "echo f" in the case of clearing conntrack table doesn't work on debian?
How to read commands from file?
SSH'd into a computer, uptime / who / users report 0 users?
Opensuse remove kernel module
yaourt curl error: SSL connect error
Mysterious automated emails
Modifying a BTRFS filesystem UUID
Static routes in route-eth0 ignored
How large is the Linux kernel compared to Unix?
Confusion about linking boost library while compilation
mount -a locks up my script if any of many remote drives are offline
Need More Information About KDE Job Notification
Arguments against Ubuntu?
Why does TZ=UTC-8 produce dates that are UTC+8?
bash set env variable is not working in pdsh
Is there any way to enable Ctrl+L to clear screen when 'set -o vi' is set?
locale-dependent bash script: How to properly ensure locale?
Highlight current bash prompt line
globbing and $#
How to export a bks keystore on Debian 7.9 wheezy
Installing programs on a removable drive
Change the parameters a kernel module loads with
Shell Script Loop Conditionally
Firefox Extremely Buggy now in Linux Mint Rafaela Cinnamon - How to Solve?
How can I blank the nth to mth field using the awk command?
How to track an alias definition in Bash?
Cmus not showing any songs after fresh install
How can I programmatically modify DNS lookups in real time?
how to force shell script characters encoding from within the script
Take high quality screenshots of my terminal window
View current user process ancestors and formatting the output
Exported variables inside ssh session are empty
arithmetic operation with columns in text file
Boot menu not showing Ubuntu 12.04 installed alongside Ubuntu 14.04 & Windows 8.1
How does GUI in Unix/Linux actually work?
egrep regular expression - same word in the beginning and end
Translate ascii codes to AT set 2 keyboard scancodes
How to extract initrd image from RHEL iso and put a script in initrd /bin/
smartcontrol: number of sectors written too small
Make IRDA hotkeys work in the lock screen
How to upgrade Open VSwitch in openStack Kilo
Openssl generate invalid websocket security code
How do I keep the lines with the highest number where a pattern is matched?
How to fetch file with highest version number
Linux routing IPv6 packets through incorrect interface
Dereference symlinks from a path
Curl error (2) when trying to connect with sftp
How can I enable jumbo frames on a bonded Xen bridge interface?
Apache - restrict simultaneous connections per directory?
tune2fs - how much space to reserve on large ext4 filesystem
My computer is booting to a full purple screen and asking for a username and password
Can I/how to specify colors in hex or RGB in nano syntax highlight config?
Linux USB audio volume problem
Can't run the exe file
inline heredoc instead of file
How do I get back to Main Menu in YUMI after getting to "boot:"
Expand Environment Variable from PIPE (SHELL)
Install KDE neon in legacy mode
Screen detection and mouse reverse (x & y axis) kali linux
Set pipe capacity in Linux
How to create a short cut for the app to my desktop, instead of using terminal?
executable within $PATH still going unrecognized
How to open a terminal with no bash or any other processes running
DNSMasq - Different Responses for Specific MAC Addresses
Lock down squid proxy to specific IP addresses
Batch renaming series episodes from 1x01* to S01E01* pattern
NetworkManager corrupted ipv6 dns settings
Will renicing (lower) a process make it faster under memory pressure?
store command before pressing ctrl+c, revive afterwards
Gnome doesn't work in new kernel (Fedora16)
How to know if you're in a typescript?
ext2 fs inode error
how to create a script to backup MySQL databases on separate files?
Scheduling command/script by specifying the exact second
Run a script via cron every other week
Preventing mounting some partition by user (gnome+udisk)
Replacing multiple lines in sed or awk
Accessing the iPhone file system via Linux/Unix
Can I still use a GUI on a headless laptop (used for storage)?
What does a "OVM reboot" mean?
How to remove GNOME to run only Compiz
How to access the history on the fly in Unix?
Where did the "wheel" group get its name?
Caching bugzilla webpages for offline use
Is nohup indefinite?
How to set up two-factor authentication with OTP on FreeBSD?
How to make screen -R attach to the youngest detached session?
How can I edit a large file in place?
What does the -f parameter do in the tar command
Preserve bash history in multiple terminal windows
Heavy write activity on SSD nukes system performance
How to yank a particular line without moving the cursor in vim?
Configuring IPoD on Linux
How to zip individual files from different directories in one line?
How to set default file permissions for all folders/files in a directory?
Convert ascii code to hexadecimal in UNIX shell script
Support for usb 3.0?
Tunnel traffic through another machine over ssh
I accidentally chmod -R +x on a directory. How do I restore the correct permissions?
Hide processes from other users based on groups (under Linux)?
Installing a second hard drive
Tell mplayer to prevent the screensaver from kicking in while playing
What is the Fedora equivalent of the Debian build-essential package?
Is there any program to provide a consistent interface across multiple archive types?
How does "top" command show live results?
Equivalent command for ``time`` for memory usage?
Print first and last line of all files in folder
Create torrent with files from different directories from CLI
How to use binaries in jailshell?
Bash update list of running jobs with ps
Running HMA Pro VPN on Kali Linux
text colors in CentOS 6.5
What is the maximum size for attachment using unix mailx
How to recursively delete a dir after find
Install cardreader on ZBOX nano CI320 with Bay-Trail-T Architecture
Make TCP to reconnect automatically and quickly
How to run a command only if sed replace strings
ZFS backup advice with another server
iptables ruleset causes server to stop answering
if statment on installed script in sbin failing
Bash globs as non-file arguments. Example: apt-get remove pkg-*
Is there a way to use a PT_BR locale in an English installation of Debian?
Bash Script Parsing Argument not working correctly
Problematic bc calculation in shell script
Adding setuid permissions to a file
How to install tar.gz files?
How To Access SFTP on Ubuntu
What file system should a GRUB 2 boot partition use?
Triple booting Chromium Os, Ubuntu 14.10, Windows 7
GUI running without $XAUTHORITY being defined, but not for root
Building kernel module using dkms, missing headers
What is background and Foreground processes in Jobs
Bash limiting precision of floating point variables
wpa_supplicant nl80211 hangs linux mint frequently
Replace user shell from dash to bash
ls option to cancel '-h'
How to list softwares installed in my system
Is replacing a particular line in a file through a bash script possible in VIM or EX?
Untrusted package apt-transport-https
Is it possible to edit vsftpd.conf giving ftp access to an user to only a few directories inside the server?
Modem is not being detected (Why I've to usb_modeswitch?)
Can't install or download anything in pear os 8
Are there command line tool(s) to convert video to WebM format in Debian Squeeze?
What does the vm.swappiness parameter really control?
Which are best repo for Cent OS 5.7?
How to Increase Screen Resolution in Linux Mint. (Parallels and iMac)
Why doesn't tar ask before overwriting existing files?
QEMU: How to set up SSH File Exchange (SFTP) between Linux Host and Windows Guest?
PHP Not Loaded on CentOS 7/Apache
Apt returns: ``relocation error``
Copy/paste doesn't work properly when changing prompt colors
Will starting a virtual machine created by virtualbox immediately reserve physical RAM assigned to it?
history + display date and time for each command
Autoboot Debian 9 live cd
Why my computer goes to sleep when I connect any USB device?
How safe is SSH when used for tunneling?
NetworkManager VPN timeout
Passwordless encryption of flash drive
How shall I understand the output of free?
I cannot reset password using rescue mode
How to use service to start/stop app with non-root access?
Set minimal amount of disk read cache
RHEL 7.5 - How to remove user from a group?
Refer to the manual of configure
How a non-root user sudo to another non-root user without password?
Send an email when an incorrect password is entered
What is the difference between USED and VIRT?
Difference between cURL's cookie-jar option and browser cookie?
SSH fails with error "Permission denied (Password)"
How could I copy the same directory multiple times but with a different name?
How to check SMB connections and the dialect that is being used on linux?
Linux - How to setup a multi lingual system?
sudo -su vs sudo su -
using if statement directly in bash prompt?
ext4 partition is broken during resizing with gparted
Remove the Remainders
Stripping a git repo of all committed files that should have been ignored
How to create file with text in every subfolder?
Using jq to create comma separated list fields in JSON array
Slurm: Insane message length when I try any slurm commands
First connection to Ansible : permission denied
Setting up a server with a NAS using a macbook pro 2011
To get the value of specific attribute value as True or False, having uneven columns
How to keep two or three command lines in memory? (not in history)
How does bash's disown work?
SSH ProxyJump with key on jump host
Keep Static IP Routes after Network Unreachable error?
CUPS and Gutenprint
How to display whole file with #include statements
How do I force kismet wireless to rotate pcap log file?
Ubuntu won't reply on same interface
Unable to assign values to array within -exec command of find result
Debian 8 Jessie "E: Unable to locate package lmms"
NTP works but clock is not the same
correct way to use mcelog on latest versions of Debian
Git-cherry not ignoring whitespace as advertised
Replace only on the first matching line with sed
Don't run this sed when a string is matched?
running commands from files
Problems installing DEbian 8.2 (Jessie) on msi computer (during network install)
When using vi typing a "c" will delete a character
string fill performance in shell scripts: what is the best amount and for what shell?
installing dsc30 - python 2.6 fights back
systemd not playing a sound
sudo iwlist wlan0 scan | grep ESSID > essid.txt (How do I export without the word ESSID in txt file)
Should the file descriptor be closed once used?
Use sed to edit a line in a file with spaces in the name
How to replace text in a column
How to run shell script in crontab?
setuid example from Wikipedia: 4700
Why I can't connect to VPS after changing OS from CentOS to Ubuntu?
What is the difference between shell, eshell, and term in Emacs?
How to avoid sending EOF from a script parsing requests from and sending answers to netcat
back-up: which patitions to back-up before upgrading/reinstalling
How do I override rw-r--r-- root/wheel for a all files in a directory?
Process /etc/passwd file to list all users whose home folder is in /home
Remove all type of special characters in unix .csv file
How do I start the mariadb service on NixOS?
Portable way to get all thread ids running inside a process.
How can I increase the ps column width for column "user"?
pairwise combination of string based on two columns
Revert '.' or 'source'
Echo some text on systemctl unit start
Installing nagios 3.5.1 with epel repo
how to replace the first element in a CSV with a sequential number?
CSV File Date Formatting
Find unused pseudoterminal pair in systemd service?
Cannot install phpmyadmin, getting conflict errors
Connecting a second monitor via DisplayLink on Debian
Booting Android-x86 thru KVM while on a Pendrive-installed Debian 9
What exactly does it mean for packages to be conflicting?
XEN guest crashes when downloading with wget
Delete all lines which don't have n characters before delimiter
How to make a fully bootable ISO from Alpine Linux Edge?
Bash: I have a variable in bash script;
How to mv file created from commands to a directory
I'm using iTerm to run the command line on my mac. Its in a mode I don't recognize
Output of last is missing "display" column
Default font for generic X11 applications
Debian 9 MATE start lightdm on system boot after disabling
Ping behavior of two netctl interfaces
Remove new line, space from file
Is linux mount propagation asynchronous to the mount call?
How to create files depending on operations of parameters
How can I use for example SourceTree with a remote repository?
Accidentally did "systemctl set-default machines.target" on Fedora 29
Is there a command specifically designed to manipulate file path strings, such as changing foo/bar/baz -> bar/baz?
Copying list of file from grep command to target directory
How to check the RAM configuration and RAM usage on your ubuntu terminal?
How to call a function from wcalc?
How can I emphasize certain words spoken by espeak?
Alpine Linux run a startup script to change the /etc/issue
No Ethernet Connectivity
bash script to find files thinks the file name should be an integer
grep -o -f invalid regular expression error
What is a chmod equivalent of mesg
USB attached SATA - partitions table not being read at boot
Potential workaround to inotifywait can't produce NUL-delimited output
wifi not working, lenovo G50-70
Can't set ultawide resolution
bindsym/xbacklight inconsistent inc/dec values
Two HDD and one VM
In the Linux kernel, what is the arch folder for?
How to corrupt and repair MBR correctly?
sudo echo in centos or redhat is not working
Ubuntu 18.04 won't wake after screen lock and blank / suspend / sleep
Change only permissions and ownership of a directory
Question regarding naming EEPROM
linux mint 18.2 Cinnamon 32-bit - sudo apt-get update shows apt-get not found error
Is there .sh installer (software archive is append to .sh flat text file) generating tools for unix?
"package X requires Y, but none of the providers can be installed"
Have group permission but unable to create file
Rename multiple files with spaces and prepending a number to the filenames in bash
Run 2 versions of Arch Linux parallel
Grub is booting flashes by and reboot
Setting ethernet as "mobile"?
Unreadable font keeps appearing in several programs
Why my chmod isn't working as expected?
BASH script to catch changes to a file greater than 150MB
Stop vim pasting selections as text!
How to print next nth column in current line after pattern match?
XTerm -e option with callback
pkg install -forge general bash: pkg: command not found
Unknown file system after copying Debian ISO with dd
Failure in running Python script using a cron
What does "/bin/sh -c nice run-parts --report /etc/cron.daily" mean?
whereis, pipline and ls
How to repeat a row for each value of its corresponding column
Convert multiple group of PNG files to multilayered ICO files
Migrate config from syslog-ng to rsyslog
How to check if an indirectly referenced variable is unset
Pulse Audio plays 2% slower
What is the meaning of &amp with regard to the test command?
Why can't we kill uninterruptible D state process?
Is it possible to convert a .exe file to runnable Linux file?
what is the difference between cpu and core?
What ext4 functionality does btrfs not support?
printing ansi colors/escape codes with a2ps
Grep not working with variables, even with quotes
Enabling saveenv command in u-boot for baltos ir2110
Errors during LFS first boot
xterm is not working on RHEL 7.2
Execute system calls directly
Way to specify param for all commands executed
In Centos 6 / Windows 10 dual boot, overwritten partition by Windows bootloader
Inaccessible drive with the message: unknown filesystem type '(null)'
how disable use swap partition by processes , only if its really need
how to add execution permission (+x) to all scripts
How to get logs from Docker with journald driver?
Access return code of last command in AWK
SSH jump host solution
How to determine what commands a FreeBSD rc script runs
Append to the top in a log file
How can I find subdomains of splunk.com using http reponse?
cp losing file's metadata
Filter out lines that have a column of text begining at a particular column number
Delete lines from a file which opened in less mode
Can I change the exclude file list while running rsync under a cron job
Status of network ports
basename doesn't work as expected
Default shell in Oracle Linux?
Combining bash % with xargs %
I can't run Ubuntu 13.10 on my galaxy pocket
Comparing two files in unix and awk
files saves to ntfs drive adhere to umask, ext4 does not
How to verify a bootable USB pendrive?
How can I list all shell variables?
Is there a way to develop upstart scripts on fedora 21?
Mounted.cifs with ro option, user still able to touch
iconv terminated by signal 7
Strange cron behaviour
IPv6 connections timeout
Can I make a file only accessible to a script, and not a user?
Redirect outcomming traffic to local server
Serial program not responding on boot
Rename file with the name from a variable
Ash profile/configuration file
Find latest copy of same file in folder structure
HPUX: missing symbol
.desktop file. Correct exec path
Error getting the string between two patterns
how to split file and lines
mv command error "already existing file"
httpd doesn't serve relative url from tomcat, why not?
Wireless network bridge
Ugly bash function to send commands and "say" anything in screen over ssh. Is there a better way?
Why do my identically prepared USB sticks differ in one byte?
command-t plugin not working in vim
How does ps get the executable of processes of other users?
Rotate console on startup (Debian)
`crontab -e` sometimes fails with "Creation of temporary crontab file failed"
How to reduce chrome's virtual memory usage?
appendable and greppable archive on CentOS to hold many log files (logrotate on steroids)
Import VPN config files to NetworkManager from command line
How much memory is lost on startup
How to truncate only given column length?
Awk print problem
Rebuilt kmod package not updating via `YUM` but is via `rpm`
Normal looking text file, detected by file as ASCII Pascal program text
Built the kernel with NFS support but not getting /dev/nfs
Some icons are broken in the application menu
ZFS detach mirrored drives in a pool
Limit a text file to 100MB
How can I use mutt execute command tag-pattern and then delete-pattern via shell?
Find and replace different columns using awk
Red Hat with rpc.statd is not running and can't start nfslock
nc -l in background closes immediately (nc -l 1234 &)
777'd some files. How do I repair SSH?
How can i get the process with the biggest pid?
What is the difference between these two SSHD configs?
How reliable is (or will be) btrfs send/receive?
Messed up bash.bashrc file, commands not working anymore
How to open a PDF file using PuTTY as a terminal?
Why does ssh -g say that address is already in use?
Is it possible to save the state of open terminals?
Can you change mail accounts by recipient in mutt?
Is there an easy way to background a sudo shell?
What's the exact behaviour of the command: ip address change?
Awesome WM tiles KDE networking and battery widget
How do I edit a file as root?
How to safely give non-root access to lib so that Catalyst hardware acceleration can function?
How to install PHP 5.2.4 in CentOS release 6.5 (Final)?
Emacs defaulting to emacs.d as a file
How can I move files by type recursively from a directory and its sub-directories to another directory?
"Xlib: extension "Generic Event Extension" missing on display" warnings
Whenever I type some wrong command, my terminal tries to run that command in the background
Neworking getting Disabled
How to Update Apache to allow Pseudostreaming on CENTOS 5.5 & WHM
Meaning of root:wheel
Grabbing the extension in a file name
Vlc Media Problem in Fedora!
Editing grub menu
Can't reach DNS through wireless router
Screen doesn't always shut off on its own
Break a large file into smaller pieces
modify path globally
Good tutorial for setting up a KVM/Xen box and advice on which would be better
Can I launch a graphical program on another user's desktop as root?
Compiling GNU/Linux with -O3 optimization
Kernel memory allocator patch
Benefit of kernel module compiled inside kernel?
dash compatibility to bash
Does the Linux PreemptRT patch benefit desktop users?
Attempts to unify Linux and other free Unix?
Keeping config files synced across multiple pc's
Setting up a unix powered network
Redirect stdout over ssh
How do I bind the tmux prefix to a Super?
How to change background color of side pane of Kate and Kile?
Is there any option with 'ls' command that I see only the directories?
+ or @ mark after running 'ls -al'
How can I suppress unneeded output from emacsclient?
Directory shortcuts in emacs buffer
What is a "kernel panic"?
Patching Linux kernel on-line (i.e. without rebooting)
Defragging an ext partition?
How can I use ffmpeg to split MPEG video into 10 minute chunks?
How to reduce ncurses terminfo size
Impact of using route command when route doesn't exist or already exist
Investigate an unwanted shutdown over the weekend
How to install laravel on xampp?
Does rsync or duplicity really write files on mounted storage?
Parameter expansion in grep
Scrabble helper in bash
Clipboard doesn't work between Win7 (local) and Linux (remote)
bash - Change line by line Interactively
Merging log files with different timestamp formats
How to install lsb_release in opensuse 13.2?
Command not Found in centos 6
Runlevel script
after masquerading , proxy server not work
Is there a POSIX way of setting zeroth argument of a target application?
How to remove a license file when debian packaging using autotools automake?
When would an initrd be necessary?
How to remove gnome-games package without removing other packages?
What is the maximum allowed filename (and folder) size with eCryptfs?
Why is my file system mounted as read-only?
"Drag'n'Drop-Execute" functionality in KDE
Execute string result from shell script as a set of shell commands
SNMP Trap on Unix
How to understand the result returned by "nm" command
Tools that list the prototypes in .so library
delayed write in operating file system
Getting info about a Virtual file system
Converting a history to a script?
Restrict bandwidth with DD-WRT
How to have a secure Pidgin install?
Install printer in openSUSE 12.1?
Can't switch to console using my own compiled kernel
How can I view the list of packages that were "suggested" by apt?
Change tab size of "cat" command
How to migrate from CentOS to RHEL?
Can I do ssh and do for loop and touch files in a single shot?
How to register Nginx as a service, after installing Passenger?
How can I automatically chown a file to the user who made the modification?
Why doesn't my laptop fan ever spin down?
tar --exclude doesn't exclude. Why?
xsel < /tmp/xselection not working in script
Generating a slideshow under linux
Ssh keeps asking for passphrase several times
Mounting multiple devices at a single mount point on Linux
Is swap an anachronism?
azap from LinuxTV dvb-apps strange signal behavior with Hauppauge WinTV-HVR 950Q
Compiling a kernel module with some options
Reading virtual memory
Running a full foreach command
linux launch script /etc/init with a specific user
SFTP server on RHEL6 disconnects on ls
Which virtual terminal is a given X process running on?
Disable tab autocompletion in interactive mode
Adding a populated existing disk device to a QEMU raw image
pixelview bt878 card not being recognized
Is unix good with many users/groups?
Tar overwrites read only files
Display X applications on an Android system
Best way to swap filenames
dir-color failure in html and css files in several terminals
GNU/Linux: how to detect hard disk mappings?
Linux Operating system-NOT A KERNEL CHANGE
Physical Terminal (DEC VT220) issues with ZSH
Get logs for last 30 minutes
Rotation script for xorg tablet (x230t in my case) with pen(digitizer), touch and eraser. Any optimizations?
Viewing the system.log.0.gz under /private/var/log in macOS
Allow non-root user to change group for it's own files
sshd_config Match rule to catch target Host
if statement calling functions and improper result
Compiling a program from a source in GuixSD
How to mount network with connected user, with credential file in connected user's home?
Output of a command going in background on Mac
"Disk I/O error" when trying to run OS via QEMU on Pi
Replacing tabs with spaces from nth column to last column
Inserting column headings in awk command
aureport -l doesnt show the sucessful count of the user who used "su" command
Expect output use
RPi OpenVPN server: manage users
How to set default color and font schemes for different katepart applications
How do I install emerald on KDE Neon
No wifi adapter found ubuntu 18.04
Sqlite: replace a string modelID1/modelID2/modelID3 with name1/name2/name3/
gnome-shell next window command line
How to run bash commands from within awk?
Recovering linux boot entries in a UEFI dual boot setting
How can we get the pathname to a script within itself, when `source` it?
Strategy for forgetting to run a script with `source`?
Why am I able to write a module parameter with READ ONLY permissions?
Transfer Schema and Rebuild Databse on Another Server
sh - Using Arguments in .profile functions
How to Upgrade to Linuxmint 17.2
Add Xfce Group to REHL 6.6
Why can the waitpid system call only be used with child processes?
`xdotool` does not send keys
Braces don't work when there is a single element
Getting notified about window title changes
Weird dropshadow in Linux Mint Cinnamon panel (VirtualBox)
What is the plotting mode of drawing with text symbols in Gnuplot?
Is there a way to force syslog flushes to disk immediately?
Which URL to use for the Fedora EPEL repo mirrorlist in a kickstart config?
Swap on tmpfs (Obviously a bad idea, but is it possible?)
bash + how to hold shell scripts
Dual monitors, DVI-I to VGA converter resolution resolving broken
How to kill a task that cannot be killed (uninterruptable?)
How to make this conky (Conky Vision) use other language than English?
Send javascript to Chromium or Firefox from linux terminal
Force local IP traffic to go through LAN WITHOUT ip address changes
How to set a single modifier key as a shortcut in openbox?
Recursively count occurrences of a word in identically named files in different directories
Some problems with gnome-tweak-tool
Save a list of files over SFTP to a text file
Using raw physical hard disk in virtual machine, with smart capability and true model number seen
Black screen when I move from X session to tty session
Locating the directory for systemd scripts
Peek at the contents of stdin
How can I fix an overlapped FreeBSD/UFS partition?
What is ~/.cache/weather.xml?
undefined reference when compiling the driver with shared library file
How to assert that a string has a newline character and, if so, remove it
How do devices add DNS entries on a local network?
linux mint hangs - how to find a reason?
How to run google chrome as root in linux
how handle a path ($1)
Automatically find position, from what last command started in tmux
Setting environment variables for Gnome on Wayland session only
Make Linux Mint appear as ubuntu
Ubuntu client wants to mount NFS share on old CentOS server: access denied by server while mounting
heirloom-mailx sending emails to extra recipients
when 'Error: Nothing to do' error occur in install through yum?
cp'd a file over another file with same name
Difference between "kill | pgrep dnsspoof" and "kill `pgrep dnsspoof`"
Efficient window size manipulation
How to make lesskey terminal-independent?
rpmsign with CLI password prompt
high load average on KVM VM web servers
How to find files with specific extensions, while excluding some names in the current directory only?
Deleting a file that has been loaded as a shared library by some process
how to print only Difference in two files using NR=FNR?
postfix rewrite destination of mails from specific server group
How to profile hardware in this Zenbook UX303UA failure?
how to remap super keys?
Place a character in the middle of every word in VIM
How can I create a menu item for terminal-applications starting in background mode
Good or bad practice? Redirecting to stderr?
with rename GNU Linux
Rename files based on checksum
PCI-STUB vs VFIO-PCI
How do i make guake start with tmux?
What does the inode column in netstat signify?
Execute command with LXC on remote host
How do I test for link to a link?
A shrug ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ in awesome key bindings
Get previous search result
How to install Intel B360 chipset drivers in Fedora 23?
Fedora server reboot
Local DNS - Redirect subdomains to different virtual hosts in apache2
KVM-QEMU virtualization platform issue with creating guests of red-hat based distributions
Nothing happens when trying to add/set default gateway
Redirect SNMP ports to router for use with openHAB SNMP binding
Why don't I get my bash customizations when I log in normally?
Modify all bash commands through a program before executing them
Find files older than X days and output them by their size
Run script as root after autologin in X
Bash $PS1 collapsing in MAC terminal
find command match issue
How to encrypt Linux (Debian 8) post-installation and what are the consequences?
Replace .vmdk for VirtualBox in bash?
Tar files in order
killall doesn't work if I call it from a script
What are the necessary files for creating a bootable remastered ISO?
Why are routes set in /etc/network/interfaces not added when the interface comes up?
How to Backup and Compare File Permissions?
Replace string after last dot in bash
vi -- replace chars from part of line
What is happening behind the scenes for these basic Unix commands?
find: missing argument to « -ok »
How do I write a Bash script that will ask users to define a variable?
bash - sed: -e expression #1, char 15: unterminated `s' command
write data from serial port to printer
Deb Package Templates File Variables
"Press ENTER or type command to continue": why am I seeing this?
Merge two NFS shares with OverlayFS
Should I check bash version?
I want to list all the files in my Linux server which are older than Dec 31, 2014
setuid.today date format changed after FreeBSD 10.2 update
Can I get SSD rw performance while keeing data security if I combine SSD & HDD in btrfs RAID1
ssh on unix socket
Linux does not proxy-arp for me, despite the documentation suggesting that it does
What characters do I need to escape when using sed in a sh script?
How to insert the content of a file into another file before a pattern (marker)?
How to enable wifi using keyboard (Dell Inspiron 14r) in suse Linux 11.4
Copying an HDD to a larger one by dd
Xterm with Solarized only showing dark background without font colors
fdisk hangs on "Syncing disk" when resizing a raw QEMU image
How do I begin with building a Linux system from scratch?
Eclipse error on opening: Linux Mint 12
Use `dd` to cut file end part
need portable crontab host-checking/failover logic across Linux & Cygwin
Multi-machine tool in the spirit of moreutils' `parallel`?
Allow non-root process to access all home directories without compromising security?
Faster awk script to get the substring / string we wanted
Gzip decompress on file with other extension?
Use sed to fix broken newlines
Schedule halt using ConsoleKit and Dbus
Why can't I boot off my Debian update CD?
Pacman could not find gnome-system-tools ArchLinux
Where did scp put these files?
while installing centos error is that 'sda must have gpt label'
abcde writes wrong play times to MP3 files
sha1sum reporting different hash value relative to openssl
kill parent and child because endless loop
Can't boot Kali-linux in Virtualbox (Elementary OS host)
How do I do an N-way diff?
Debian Jessie GRUB2 on a multi-boot EFI laptop cannot start a Gentoo kernel-initramfs
Is there some way to make alias expansion work inside if...fi on Bash?
Why do I have to execute bash programs with ./?
What is the difference between rc, rc.local and rc.sysinit?
Using pushd and popd
How to compare two CSV files and display unique records?
Small delay in sudo
For veth pair, ping does not recognize interface name and tc qdisc netem does not work
What types of executable files exist on Linux?
Lubuntu vs Ubuntu for development
Error compiling Realtek rtl8723be drivers for Solus
To remove consecutive lines matching a pattern and the next 3 lines following it
Screen stuck on start
Is it possible to auto-upload changed files via SSH?
How can taskset create pid when the program is not running yet?
/var/lib/dpkg/ disappeared after fsck
How to use a (copy) command with a (progress bar) script
Why does my system count /media for disk space?
Remapping apple keyboard modifier keys with xkbOptions
How does the kernel knows which "threads"/processes are associated with a process?
How can we query the login passwords for websites saved by Google Chrome browser?
Reading a literal from stdin- Ambiguous redirect error when using EOF
How can I tell my kernel not to place external drives before internal ones?
gsl.pc not found on Fedora 27
sshd failed due to network not yet available
CRON running job not in my user's crontab file
Sudo apt-get update not working
creating OS environment variables using ExecStartPre on Systemd
Increase FPS in new X display
Is there an yum repository that contains vim with python 3 support?
Construction an a command line bash script with spaces in path names
Is there a way to find out which process is setting a Linux kernel parameter to an invalid value at runtime?
How to disable TCP checksum validation on Linux?
What should I do to run a script on specific time without cron?
Manjaro 18 (Arch) Installing Packages Outside Repository
How to check multiple list from IPSet in IPTables with a single rule?
Transfer file from remote server to my server via sftp in bash script
Is it possible to schedule an anacron single line command execution instead of sourcing a file?
plink command to print free|grep "Mem:"
Remove duplicates from particular columns
Why doesn't shell automatically fix "useless use of cat"?
Question about text formatting using sed of awk
Abnormal behavior on Debian 9 after crashes
Merge two greps into single one
install arch into already parttioned disk
TCP listener that drops all of its input?
How shell delivers user's input to program and shows program's output?
List all accessible ports from private network
Looping through contents of a file and finding it in different directory
apt update always overrides old config file
When can a "cd" command fail in a shell script and what can I do to remedy it?
Running a Dockerfile fails when executing CD command
Extract lines with specific dates and execute a command on each of them
How can I replace bash with Python?
Redirecting all non-local traffic from specific ip to external proxy
Unzipping several specific files out of many into a directory using the terminal?
Broadcom driver on Kali Linux
Recover/reupload messages deleted by fetchmail
Ubuntu 18.04 sound failed on Thinkpad
Does sort -u convert case?
FTP not giving permission for actions for user that has permission
Using sed to delete a string including a linebreak within
How to ensure custom Debian service starts first?
Unable to mount from the newly added second interface of a Ubuntu NFS server
What is Date_Spec in sudoers policy?
What is the order of evaluation of the sentences of a script in bash?
Nextcloud client on Linux : No keychain service available
Shell redirection - follow name, not a descriptor
name resolves doesn't work in chroot for users, but does for root
mounting and unmounting UDF .iso images as a regular user
Execute script on the remote server , send an email from local server
No way to make aliases work
Move mount or increase space in /var/log
How to wake on lan with IP address?
Linux File system auto extend
How to fix a broken yum install rpcbind package?
kernel.core_pattern has no effect on vmcore file name
recursive globbing **/* and */**
Installing Mesa 18 from stretch-backports
Convert text file to non-iso extended ascii file
How to print all the lines that's first word is the first word of a file?
gpg2 and git signing
Can I manually create and edit `/var/spool/cron/crontabs/t` without `crontab -e`?
How to flush all the DHCP leases with virsh. So all not just one with net-update default delete ip-dhcp-host
replace first semicolon occurence
SFTP - give one user in SFTP Group special temporary access
unique contribution of folder to disk usage
Unable to Login to Wok on Fedora Server 27 - Python and PAM
Can lftp get take in a variable name?
How does anacron determine daily, weekly and monthly job to run?
How can I make an executable run as a service?
grep contents of one list with another
debian and grub with raid10+lvm+luks
echo $BASH conflict with which bash
Nested Port Forward
Restrict inbound access on localhost:TCP port
Why does sudo accept password not from stdin by default?
Add row values of file1 to column headers of file2
How to get frame source using wget?
Why does this script keep running after receiving SIGINT?
exact string matching for multiple strings with grep
Why `ls -d` only demonstrate `.`?
sed to remove lines starting with 'du`
Is there a command that preloads `open()`, `fopen()`, etc. functions like `proxychains`?
Inserting /textline before a pattern - not immediately before
Nautilus: Disable single click to open highlighted file or directory when opening file
Find position of specific column pattern
Add consecutive numbers to a certain string in a text file (pairwise the same number)
Login to remote Linux box and execute commands
How can I tell if a given Linux system has GPGPU capabilities?
Screen signal main terminal that it's finished and closed
Convert from udev to eudev - what files are involved?
cd on the last folder tcsh
Is there a way to determine if a remote script has been run from a local shell or remote shell?
"Use common properties for all folders" for Caja
How can I blacklist my inbuilt mic
Is firewalling OpenVPN clients based on IP reliable?
How can I get the SSH host key 'known_hosts' value from localhost?
What's the difference between a virtual network interface (e.g. eth0:1) and an alias or second IP added to eth0?
Running Virtual Machine with 640x480 and 16-bit color depth
TLP Incompatible with Intel GL960/GM965?
Linux Mint Debian dual boot windows on second harddrive
Is there a tool like vnstat but for hard disks to monitor their daily/monthly/yearly activity?
how to divide values in each row by the sum up values of two rows (translate bash to perl or python)
What is the maximum allowed length of a line in /etc/apt/sources.list in Debian 8?
Problem getting user input through script called by pam_exec
Creating GPT partitions with preseed
How to run shell script in background while start On CentOS?
HTTPD using same port multiple times
Run process under group on solaris
intel-ucode not updating? Firmware Bug: TSC_DEADLINE disabled due to Errata; please update microcode to version (or later)
It is OK to change /etc/machine-id?
How can I find out cron implementation on Ubuntu?
How to grep for line-separated strings containing a comma in a text file?
How would you edit `/etc/crontab` and files under `/etc/cron.d/?
Are cron tasks in `/etc/cron.d/` files supposed to not contain `sudo`?
Differences between `/etc/crontab`, files under `/etc/cron.d/` and `/var/spool/cron/crontabs/root`?
I want to sort everything after fifth line
Why do some libc symbols have WEAK binding and others GLOBAL?
How do you debug inability to delete a Namespace after ip netns add test
command `atq` demonstrate couple of tasks days ago
Entropy: whats the difference between bits and bytes?
How may I provide my password repeatedly to a script contaning a loop of sudo?
Is it true that "cron.daily runs anacron everyhour"?
Assign variable using multiple lines
What does 'patch unexpectedly ends in middle of line' mean?
vi mode doesn't display correctly on new term
change prompt color depending on user or root in zsh
ipfw : Traffic Shaping
DVD drive constanly spins up/down when idle
Vim 7.3 with Lua: How do I use it?
Redirecting stdout to a file you don't have write permission on
What does "Empty print file" mean and how can I diagnose it?
Is there a way to limit the amount of memory a particular process can use in Unix?
How do you choose a distribution?
How to power off a system but still keep it available on the network
sed variable expansion issues
reordering tabs in Notepad++ using WINE causes them to not respond
Error dependency problems - leaving unconfigured after using apt upgrade command
How to remove multiple HTML files in batch
Determine whether a file has no EOL at the end from the command line
Best way to `tee` to stdout and to a process
SAMBA 4 UID/GID mapping
Exact pattern match in awk
ps command: list processes by group id
resolv.conf on host overwritten every time a Docker container is started or stopped
Kali Linux Does Not Start Up Properly
My mp3player freezes when I eject it
fdisk vs parted
How do I disable and re-enable Java whenever I want?
Find words after specific symbol on line
When using UXRVT on Arch Linux color codes only working for root user, but not for normal users
Command working from CLI but not from script
Why do you need screen/tmux to keep a remote program running
How to find a symlink when the location in which it was created is unknown?
Kernel IPsec SA database: FIFO instead of LIFO
undefined symbol in /usr/lib64/libGL.so.1 when using ssh
List Mails by subject
Amazon EC2 micro instance large number of IO requests
what does a "deleted file" entry look like in the journal
Backup 'empty' parts of disk drive
Finding function parameters for functions in shared object libraries
Why starting firefox (from command line) in VM starts the firefox in the host machine and vice-versa?
I messed up my EFI boot, what do I do?
Checking if folder exist using case/switch
How to get rid of the *Personal File Sharing* bar in Nautilus?
Using wget to download only the first depth of external links
segfault from dmesg + redhat linux
Automatic layout change
SSH Key Auth failed ... sometimes with SSSD
rho command is failing with invalid auth error
Different permission for different group
Changing default editor
Tripwire passphrase copy/paste on Debian Buster
Recursively remove newline in file names
Files downloaded from FileZilla have "-????????? ? ? ? ?" permissions and I can't chown them with root
mtime changes when trying to delete files followed by directories. Best way to delete files and directories.?
Evince garbles pdflatex output on some zoom levels
Can you search for base64 with grep?
Scanned documents only readable by the user that scanned ~linux
Rescue system/Live bootable from systemd-boot
Specify a home directory path for a user in /etc/passwd with spaces in it?
Bell in session 'Default'
Show/hide systemd-boot menu
Duplicating an image to another machine?
How does ChrootDirectory and a user's home directory work together?
Permission denied to NFS directory 0770
Install specific version and arch, without specifying the release
How does YUM decide which package is the best install candidate for a dependency when there are several options?
Escaping ' (single quote) in sed replace string
Giving a network interface multiple names
systemd .link files not working
cron is truncating environment variables containing a hash
Upgrade Debian Jessie (8) to Buster (10) possible or need to go sequential in versions upgrades?
Changing keyboard depending on input
Why setting 'export CLICOLOR='yes'' affects the display spacing in my mac terminal?
Duplicity IOError No such file or directory during backup
rsyslog omprog when an audit logfile is rotated
What is the default password for a Linux Mint live usb
Bash: Is it better to echo or <<<?
High cpu steal on Core 0 of KVM
Closing the lid didn't put the notebook on sleep with external monitor on xfce
How is an icon theme supposed to be organised?
Tab switcher icons blurry (Linux mint)
Remove lines from tab-delimited file with missing values
Only One Resolver ip
How can I write data separately in many text files which contain the same fields?
Ubuntu OS installation on Baremetal Server
Real time system info script using ncurses and dialog
Have Bash script wait for status message before continuing
Graceful way to kill process
"Swap file xxx already exists" when editing apache configuration file in vim?
process files in a directory as they appear
How to split the output and store it in an array?
Wireless not showing a network in the scan results
Disabling mouse-wheel window-shading in XFce?
Remote SSH login not working
How to check if a pipe is empty and run a command on the data if it isn't?
Is it safe to remove a script file from within that script?
Got an error while upgrading CentOS
Linux script or program to shorten filenames
Enable remote printing options with cups-lpd
Cross Unix Command Reference
SD Card interpreted as wrong size
Installing a software on Linux- Centos
Converting PNG frames to video at 1 FPS
Jack vs Pulseaudio -- how is it faster?
rsync timed out
Mouse and keyboard not working in FreeBSD 9.0
removing folders with find - strange message
how to configure xorg.conf for extended desktop?
Confusion with how to restore corrupt ext3 files if power outage occurs during a file write
How do I change the colour of all lines to red begining with a % symbol?
Can the same ext4 disk be mounted from two hosts, one readonly?
Brother scanner and missing /dev/bus/usb entry?
Is it viable to have a file with 700 permissions?
Running assembly program as ring 0
Extracting lines around keys from a file
Displays and their relative position in a shell script
How to programmatically retrieve the GID of a running process
Issue with zsh segfaulting: how to further assess the issue?
forgot to luksClose usb persistent partition, is this a problem?
Configure vsftpd allow access to mounted ISO file
Setup GMX email with SSMTP
Package installed as dependency is not removed with "apt-get autoremove"
tcpdump not capturing http or tcp/ssl traffic
Why does "df -h" show out of sync space used?
I try to setup zabbix server on CentOS 6 (close system) but can find zabbix-server binary file after run rpm install rpm package
Kill any service running at a specific port
Piping content with multiple spaces
Find out extension of executable files?
Mail Delivery too slow with sendmail
Cannot retrieve metalink for repository: fedora/20/i386
LFS-7.5 util-linux `make check` fails
Using ping on multiple interfaces on a NIC
Printing lines with similar text together
Combining brace expansion and output redirection
sh + how to use array in sh script in order to print all values in array
force ssh to change dir after login based on config
zfs-fuse: enabling compression has no effect
How to display halfwidth Unicode characters in gnome-terminal etc
Forward port 80 to another port
Find out where $PATH got corrupted
Why different presentation of client area?
Create a browser only session (Ubuntu)
Looking for a good interactive pdf viewer
Custom application running on embedded device - do I need to register my listening port in /etc/services?
X11/Xlib.h: No such file or directory
inotifywait doesn't monitor Windows users saving to Samba share on Linux
Extract Information From Logs
Package additional in-tree modules
Error while dist-upgrade Debian testing
How are Mac apps able to track a file's location?
sox convert raw audio to wav gives error although all option are defined
Why do I have "errors=remount-ro" option in my ext4 partition in my Linux?
apt-get command not found in kali linux
Launching Chrome on Linux - missing libraries
vi commands to find specific letters
mount + cifs + where in the win machine need to configure the password
Cannot boot into my Windows partition upon installing Ubuntu MATE
Patching fourcc code INZI
sed + replace only the second match word
How can I replace Nth delimiter in a csv file?
How to take space from one VG and add it to another?
Find unused tty in the shell like bash?
Terminal keystroke / combination to skip just the current passage in a shell script execution
Crontab cron job not creating the redirected output file
How to make script running when logging/logout from current user.?
package ia32-lib is not available on Windows Subsystem for Linux
How do I execute a command in the foreground?
Recovering from an AMNR Hard Drive error (ext4)
Ban local loop-back traffic with exception on a port on Ubuntu
Is there a way to find out if a certain file has been copied into USB memory stick?
awk : syntax error
Shellscript Error handling
bad magic number on decrypt
Virtual network terminology: is a NATed or routed bridge an oxymoron?
add font path for font server
USB C → DisplayPort Adapter support
dmenu: how to create submenu
Sort `du -sh` in an reasonable order
How can I pipe stdin inputs to command which expects multiple stdin inputs?
pxe boot: problems with /etc/resolv.conf
Installing FreeBSD without removable media from CentOS 6
Sony runs which operating system? Oracle Linux or Crestron Extron or Minix or OS X?
tmpfs and vm.swappiness
grep piping into sed, replacing inline; but I want sed to print the filename and changed line. Is it possible?
The receiving of returns by Nagios from script through NRPE
Excluding a file in bash loop
Background script run at login interrupted when I run tmux in terminal
Firefox not rendering some pages well
How can I list subdirectories recursively?
ACPI conflicts with ACPI region SMRG
do not allow a directory to be deleted but make new files in it?
Setting GTK2 theme for root
Volume manager tries to mount device while reformatting in gparted
Deleting viruses from USB
Verbose shutdown messages
ncmpc - spaces in search query
How to skip (omit) a specific port in nmap
Exporting environment variable
How extend linux partition with?(after success to extend : fail to boot computer)
How to read lines from a variable | bash
Unable to install bind-utils in RHEL 7.3, dependency error on bind-license
Qt installed in two places; wrong one takes precedence
What files process or what uses tons of IO?
Baremetal hypervisors vs Virtual Box
Filesystems Size Single Letter Abbreviation
Two NICs with DHCP, use one as fallback
How to activate a specific Terminator profile from the command-line?
Text processing : Replacing strings in a line with corresponding strings
diff -B command is not symmetric?
How to build and run Ubuntu 16.04 kernel with a specific module?
How to revert a "sudo chmod 644 .*"?
Cannot install loop-aes-utils on debian 8.0
Make directory unmodifiable or undeletable except by root
pnmixer doesn't work after installing pavucontrol
Can I conditionally turn certain oh-my-zsh plugins off?
Redirect all GnuPG output to /dev/null
How do I exec more than one command?
sed Match character range
Aligning output in Linux paste command
What does "-R 120 -d 0 -e 0" does in command "/usr/bin/yum -y -R 120 -d 0 -e 0 update yum" command?
How to tar-bzip old files in yearly groups
redhat 9 persist default gateway
Systemd journal plagued with docker messages
cURL download with multiple ranges
How to debug a kernel panic on boot with archiso?
How do I remove launchers from the KDE panel?
What does Linux spend memory on other than userland, caches and slab?
xfce4-notifyd Not Showing Volume Change Notification on Fedora 22
Hostapd error nl80211: Could not configure driver mode
AWS VPC NAT | ssh_exchange_identification: read: Connection reset by peer
Bash script only runs in debug mode
Cross compiling a software module
Delete folders using regex
Meaning of ?= and ??= in bitbake/yocto
Cannot change ownership of folder owned by nobody
ipcs(1) POSIX equivalent to System V
Using USB-MIDI controller in VirtualBox
Install software on shared drive in linux mint
What is the correct permission in /etc/fstab to mount NTFS?
Why doesn't mkfifo with a mode of 1755 grant read permissions and sticky bit to the user?
app.asar --nod ? What programme is it (in my netstat statistics?
How to write romanian special characters with groff?
BTRFS - Subvolumes for / & /home, and being able to snapshot and restore from the snapshots?
Extracting lines to new files
How can i remove ImageMagick 7 completely from ubuntu 18.04?
"cp: target '...’ is not a directory" during while loop
Invalid char error when running .awk file
How to display lines in a file like ls displays files in a directory?
Devicemapper maintenance- dmsetup is missing
Text search for columnar sum
trapping signals without interfering with other signals
Print N records at a time from a stream
Renaming files inside folders
Do we need c libraries when running a program?
Choose the calendars appearing in the GNOME shell panel
Combining a parameter argument inside an echo
How to swap entire html blocks in multiple files with sed
How to move an application to another stack in Qtile?
How to find public ip for a freebsd system
Accounting for "missing memory" from sysctl
Multiple wget calls in a single session?
How to install Broadcom BCM4360 on debian on Macbook pro
List all connected devices in FreeBSD
How can I write an openSUSE script that will change my boot menu.lst file and add "nomodeset" automatically both to failsafe and normal boot option?
Why is echo a shell built in command?
Clearing GNU Screen after full-screen application
Resources for very low-level (board bring-up)
How to test swap partition
Understanding line numbers reported when using eval
is there a proper syntax for the expression or is this impossible
Best way to create RAID on an existing system drive
How do I split the $0 variable to find directory and relative paths in bash?
flock(2) versus fcntl(2) over a NFS
Symbolic link and hard link questions
resource for understanding the kernel and drivers
OS X: how to keep the computer from sleeping during a ssh session
Why does the substitution of newlines using g/re/p only apply to every other line in Vim?
Is there a Linux utilities repository online accessible from a web browser?
How to specify a custom autocomplete for specific commands?
Trying to use an old PC for home theater PC
Is there a standard symbolic link to the current users home directory?
Is there a linux vfs tool that allows bind a directory in different location (like mount --bind) in user space?
What does libgcc_s.so contain?
Why is vimdiff so slow?
Specifying which git repo to use
How to remove a file from the git index
Keep tracking of symbolic links?
Tool in UNIX to subtract dates
How can I customize new mail notification in alpine?
Manage Windows in different ways on different workspaces/activites in KDE 4.5 possible?
Why do some commands have man pages and other commands use --help?
missing man pages of some commands
Unix - Filter Commands
Tricks and tips for finding information in man pages
Emacs sync w/ Google Calendar and Contacts?
What makes Ubuntu not totally Free Software?
How to find hidden partition of a USB in linux
SSH slow after configuring TCP Wrappers
Recommended partition size of SD card for Ubuntu for BeagleBone black
Bash for loop create folders; do I have to escape some chars?
write a line before it is executed without writing it twice
Solaris JRE Mozilla
Virtualbox delete vm ram
How can I compare two files based on the value of the first column?
How can I delete a trailing newline in bash?
The reverse of `tree` - reconstruct file and directory structure from text file contents?
Who is responsible for the Linux kernel?
xl2tpd redial doesn't work
Configure localtime. dpkg-reconfigure tzdata
Does vsftpd support plain FTP?
How to save a command you entered without executing it?
Generate random numbers in specific range
Understanding SPL & U-Boot Memory Map using bdinfo?
How to tell if two ethernet interfaces are on the same lan?
learning to output custom rsyslogs
Replace \n by a newline in sed portably
Is there a way to bypass .zshrc on login?
Root home is not /root on my debian?
Autostart application on login
Remove both lines if column A values are repeated in next row
Apt-get does not work in live-usb environment
Check how long a HDD has been used in LINUX
using printf function for repeated patterns
Unable to install yum on cpanel server
Grub disable recovery not working on detected OS
How can I alter the appearance of "Qt::IBeamCursor" in ReText?
Local host always being added to /etc/hosts.deny when trying to SSH
What rules govern the parent-child relationship of processes launched by shell across a pipe?
Linksys AE3000 install on linux
Where is the documentation for perf events?
Struggles with grep, sed, awk to filter html
Why doesn't build of net-snmp 5.7.2. provide /etc/rc.d/init.d/snmptrapd?
how to delete wine temp files for an application
Detect attached monitors when X is not running
Find and remove large files that are open but have been deleted
tcpdump host filter doesn't work
Get separate used memory info from free -m command
Return value of current watt consumption on command line
Count number of lines in files then compare which has more (BASH)
history list in bash always truncated to 5000 lines at new login
Why `which tmux` and `sudo which tmux` return 2 different values?
Xvfb or Firefox throwing errors & gratuitously logging
I cannot install "unifdef" on CentOS 6
Installing glibc 2.3 for mysql server
What other distributions provide the option to install inside Windows?
Using tar on a file with an @ (at symbol)
A minimal POSIX conformant operating system
On a dual head system, how can I force the placement of a window to a certain desktop?
How can I block a range of IP addresses with an Amazon EC2 instance?
Can you use grub to boot a RW partition file stored on a FAT32 HDD?
Is S25mdadm start script priority correct?
Shell script to check server state
Plain text password to ssh config
Tunslip deactivates WiFi in raspberry pi B+ board
Bash if statement not working properly
How to calculate Swap warning/critical dynamically through script?
How to achieve "continuos randomness"?
Why are UNIX/POSIX system call namings so illegible?
How to prevent DPMS/screensaver from activating when gamepad used?
Get gpg key info
Encryption issue with GPG and PGP
Not able to install mint with UEFI
Can not divert packet to pf when configure transparent squid 3.4.13 on OpenBSD 5.7
Can not connect to my webserver on my own IP
debuild creates unsatisfiable dependency
Patching a binary with dd
lsof vs cat/proc/.../maps
Compile freedink couldn't find SDL2
Is it possible to run debootstrap within a fakeroot environment?
how to grep the file names based on the date formate
Linux fails with starting on a dualboot system after Windows update
sym link for android-studio/bin/studio.sh
How can I go to a directory at a certain depth in the current tree?
Output distribution to a maximal number of columns
tar extract hangs on non-existent file
USB / RS485 converter static mapping to /dev/ttyUSB
How can I access the Windows registry from Linux?
New line in bash variables
Unable to execute batch remote commands after pkill command
How to change the extent size in the ext4 file system?
Procmail to recognize e-mails which were already copied into a folder
Keyboard fails to work properly
Drivers support for Sound Blaster Z/Zx on Linux
Git submodule shows new commits, submodule status says nothing to commit
–mtune=arm920t”: command not found
Why am I denied access to phpmyadmin?
What happens to a continuing operation if we do ssh and then disconnect?
To find file received time using find command in ssh server
How to exit file reading mode (in `less`) in Linux terminal?
Removing "[crap-like-this]" from strings using bash parameter expansion?
navigating nautilus tree using arrow keys
Why won't my xmodmap command run on startup/login?
using cross-compiled Valgrind
Invoke Syscalls from Java
Connecting to a network via another pc
games directory?
Linux-compatible 56k modem
Capture multi-line output of a bash builtin
How can i know which unistd.h file is loaded?
recursively chmod
How can I set up Cygwin to automatically update and download without the GUI?
Bootstrapping a DSL installation onto a machine with no BIOS boot support
How to fix Ctrl + arrows in Vim?
What call before a fork?
Any funny *nix one-liners?
Linux static compilation issue
How do I find where a port is?
alternatives to wine
Does installing and using Wine open up your Linux platform to Windows viruses?
When do su and sudo use different passwords?
Anyone know the meaning of yy?
Why is 8 numbers considered a "strong" password?
Debian Lenny: Want Splashy to start directly after Grub2
bash PS1 setup
Change the PS1 color based on the background color?
Fedora auto suspend
Fedora vs. Ubuntu installation
How to ignore -ls errors in find
How do I enable &>/dev/null by default for all sh/bash commands?
YUM won't update KERNEL
Razer Ouroboros mouse not working
cmake: /usr/lib/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.20' not found (required by cmake)
Why is my hard drive out of space if gparted says I have 500+GB
How do I start service in systemd right after cryptsetup?
Using SSH to connect to a new server without storing the host keys in the $HOME/.ssh/known_host file
Error when running X11 application as root
Match two words that is on the same line
What is meant by "Unknown instance" when restarting a service?
How to get find -exec to call a shell script?
Why isn't 'nethogs' installed with the setuid bit set?
Convert json mapping object to managed csv row using bash script
Accumulate Filename in a Log file using shell script
Using inotify to monitor a directory but not working 100%
Email using shell script
Bash tabcomplete file names for environmental variable values
Check multiple files with string
RHEL server Booting problem: "fsck.ext3: unable to resolve 'LABEL=/u01'
default argument parsing section
iptables and securing an smtp
Which regular expression methods to validate input could be used in shell scripting?
Trying to connect to gateway in static ip network
Run for loop via ssh
Effect of nosuid on executables inside the mounted filesystem
Error while building Linux kernel for versatile board
Programs don't see fish environment variables
Skylake not yet well supported on Linux?
How to use command line completion in Midnight Commander?
Find files with group permissions more restrictive than owner permissions
Find file type reverse
Script for renaming files using text file containing alternate file names
How to disable Ristretto from starting maximized whenever I double-click a picture to view?
Cross Compiling Openssl for MIPS
GRUB Legacy complaining about filesystem being unknown?
Does POSIX sh allow empty compound-list in first condition and empty condition in case conditional construct?
Loop through files and join horizontally
zsh-newuser-install not working
Linux Mint 17.2 encounters an error, remounts disk in readonly
Knowing when bash is done running a command through a FIFO pipe
Can I change terminal type used to login through Net::SSH in perl?
shell script: use sudo inside it vs run it with sudo?
ldap users unable to ssh to the server
Audacity doesn't work with pulseaudio anymore
AppArmor "Multiple definitions for hat sanitized_helper" Error Running Firefox Profile in Enforce Mode
Small files take up ridiculous amounts of space
Where is the PATH variable set when I start a Bash shell with env -i bash?
awk variable become unbound after set -euxo pipefail
Zsh: condition if/then in prompt
cut command fields
Can QEMU -M virt on arm / aarch64 have multiple serial TTYs like such as PL011 ttyAMA0 and ttyAMA1?
Newly created user on Ubuntu Server has the wrong shell prompt
How can I source a bash script containing BASH_SOURCE from zsh shell?
Naming convention standard for Ethernet and Wi-Fi interfaces on Linux machines
How can I filter read only file systems out of df output?
Is root a privileged user in unix?
Finding a string in a file on a file system using Grep
avahi-browse -r -a -l , does not resolve IP addresses of the service published , any idea?
how to merge two files to skip duplicate data
Is it possible to set the screen resolution from inside the GRUB terminal?
Problems with FreeBSD on Debian's GRUB2
splitting a column in Bash based on '_'
$@ and exec weird behavior
Change "step size" for XFCE's window resize shortcut (Alt+F8)?
When I hit history on a Linux server machine unable to view date and time
Centos 6.9: Errno 14 PYCURL ERROR 22 - "The requested URL returned error: 503 Service Unavailable"
Give file permissions based on the IP of the windows machine logged in to Linux
How do library files (*.so) resolve shared dependencies?
cannot import name main - phoebe2
iptables port forwarding public network to private network using two interfaces
Root partiton size on Mint 19.2
override value of $_ in linux csh script
Xfce moves open windows to the secondary monitor when it is enabled
LDAP disable local account, and pub/private key on centos
How to make website working in kali linux?
Embed a Windows shared clickable path in the mail
How do I know if my kernel supports module unloading?
How to kill the "Default" desktop widget on KDE Plasma desktop?
Filter a CSV file by time columns
SELinux file permissions history
Extracting lines containing pattern + next line
boot normally even with an infinite loop in /etc/rc.local
Linux Mint XFCE - No wireless networks found
Process memory usage right before executing of its first instruction
Bash script read a string with whitespace
find returns two line-item entries for the same file
Instantly redirect Audio Input to Audio Output
Why is it considered dangerous to use the -execdir + argument with the find command?
eval vs. pipe through bash
set env variables for pipeline subshells independently
DHCPv6 equivalent of `dhcping`?
What is the proper way to build emacs with pdumper in fedora?
How to change hostname on GNUroot debian?
new lines and bash variable
Installing Arch Linux on caching SSD
Wifi connection on ath9k freezes at increased interface load
Sudo command in bash
Adding iptables rules after implementing fail2ban
How to add a column with a number or string that changes every time it finds a number on other column?
How I can fix "iio-sensor-proxy" detect orientation problem?
Accidentally deleted files an hour ago with rm - ideas for recovery?
Remove specific field if the column matches on the other column
scp not working without password
check if string represents valid path in BASH
How to remove multiple strings from a file using the shell
Redirect bash stdout+stderr to one file and stderr to another file
How to locate installed software command in Red Hat Linux 5?
What is wrong with this very simple awk command?
awk: How to select multiple substrings from fixed length file?
Grub doesn't find windows 8
Qemu USB passthrough (windows guest)
Match the next pattern which is less than the previous match
Execute command before bringing interface up on OpenWRT
why do i see the error 'stdin: is not a tty' when using x2go to remotely connect to several linux OS distributions?
Can Shorewall be used on VyOS?
share /usr/bin between Lubuntu and Mint?
Rsync deletes files in old directory?
init.d script doesn't give standard output
What's a clean sans font that supports UTF-8, that is suitable for console use?
TLS over unix pipe
using xargs to grep multiple patterns
Reliable External Wifi adapter for Backtrack
Is it possible to write portable service scripts to control a daemon?
getting an old logitech webcam to work in Linux
How to check progress when cloning a disk using `dd`?
Is "temp" a reserved system name?
High load average, low CPU usage - why?
List all the matched files starting from an index
solaris + vxprint + mirror for rootvol & rootdisk7vol not exist
Using sed to get rid of characters < > ,
Reverse two finger scroll direction with BCM5974?
Memory profiling the linux kernel on an embedded device
curl --resolve appears to do nothing
du reports surprising total size for same data
How to grep on source code without catching comments
Uninstall the Encrypted LVM function to remove the prompted password entry during Ubuntu Boot
Create release version using tar
ALSA dummy device - how to configure?
Debian squeeze (stable) broken packages after installing something from wheezy (testing)
How can I run byobu from xterm at starting?
Packet analyzer to intercept and filter incoming traffic before any client app
Linux stack for a home network firewall/proxy?
Enforce strict outbound ports (or ranges) for protocol
How do Apache2 VirtualHosts get resolved?
How to transparently monitor SSH access/network traffic in Gentoo/general linux?
External drive not being recognized
How do I make the 'man' utility as comprehensive as ss64.com?
package.use equivalent for VIDEO_CARDS, ABI_X86, etc
Will using a compressed filesystem over an encrypted volume improve performance?
apt-proxy replacement/alternative on Debian
Browsing bup backup with gitk or gitg
Cancel and resume a duplicity backup
Rehashing /etc/shadow. Can I force NIS users to change password?
How to set permissions in /sys/ permanent?
Own distro, own name?
Recommended Linux distribution or distributions for children
How to create an interactive bash script to collect arguments for a command in linux?
Backup to a synology NAS with bup
How to change extension of all files in a directory?
Multiple source directories in duply
Whonix & TorBrowser:
What happens if dbus connection fails?
undefined method `downcase' for false:FalseClass at puppet agent
awk or sed command to start each column of file from desired locations or Byte Position
"cc: Command not found" when compiling a PAM module on Centos
How to view files that have read permission only in my present working directory?
xbindkeys/xkb map ctrl shortcut
How to I allow direct write access to a directory under /home/username?
virtualhost problem with apache
Can I use APT on TinyCore?
Show jobs count only if it is more than 0
Invoke a command/script disconnected from the controlling terminal?
Find directories that do not contain subdirectories
How can I prevent Windows from overwriting GRUB when using a dual-boot machine
How to see the total progress while copying the files
dpkg sees them, but apt-get can't remove them?
Why yum resolve dl.google.com to an IPv6 address?
Fixed udev rules for USB modems
Self cache-proxying all outcoming http/https request
will tinycore work with S110 wireless adapter?
console-kit-daemon Hogging CPU and RAM
Function of owning group versus ACL group permissions
Why is systemd-coredump storing the dump in memory itself?
What's the difference between Ctrl-Z and kill -STOP?
No AirPlay in XBMC on EeePC (Debian)
explanation of the output's command "ifconfig ppp0"
grub waits for user input when booting as guest in virtualbox
How to force drop all partitions and erase disk from terminal?
SSH File Transfer
Make yaourt does not reinstall when already installed
Moving stuff off of SSD to HDD after installation. Using mount --bind? LiveCD?
Regular expressions help
fstab not mounting VirtualBox shared folder?
Ubuntu 12.04 won't boot, asks for low graphics mode, can't run apt-get because file system is read-only
Why does a failed filename generation make zsh stop processing a script?
read(2) blocking behaviour changes when pts is closed resulting in read() returning error: -1 (EIO)
Making "at" work on macOS
Mailman auto-unsubscribe by bounce while all mail ids are valid in the list
jenkins can't recognise known_hosts file
determine if output is string or integer
Makefile fails when trying to run a C program
Install ScicosLab Scientific Linux
tmux: Switch windows and panes with a single key
How to enable tab auto completion linux subsystem windows 10
/etc/timezone on Amazon Linux
How do I grep lines ending on a specific expression
List DNS Servers Obtained Via DHCP
Ansible, docker_container and depends_on
Pipeline running in parallel through creating multiple subshells
get unique value for each line with unix command
Create a folder with all possible combinations of characters and numbers
Date command to output null/nothing when supplied variable has empty value
SYMLINK For usb devices
Password Encryption
Why is an alias in a script being sourced in an interactive bash process not expanded?
awk to retrieve the first field report from atq
atrm pending tasks using pipeline
How to record max value of swap during period?
Does cron modify execution environment and make tor servce not change exit node?
Undo effects of running ntfsfix (ntfs-3g) on a Windows exfat partition
Using clamav efficiently when timeshift snapshots are present
The wrong links in gnubin but still work
How to find the filename without path?
dual NICs linux
Formatting the display of all files in directory and subdirectories
Break out of while-read statement
Hex dump only the beginning and the end of a file with xxd
tmux: Select and copy pane text with mouse
Find the longest file name
Arithmetic sequence with files
Open-iSCSI Target IQN Naming Case
How does the YUM plugin yum-fastestmirror work?
How can I prevent zsh from trying to autocomplete URLs?
Replace the content of specific cells in a tsv file with the edited content of other cells
Is it possible to re-map a mouse button to multiple keys? (Button Press -> Contrl + Alt)
How to email kernel patches?
What is the systemd-native way to manage NIC ring buffer sizes before bonded interfaces are set up?
Unable to compile Linux Kernel 4.7-rc2
Read Only File System view files within .zip
sh script containing perl element does not produce same output via crontab as manual execution
Weird user in shell
scp file to remote server prevent delete
Output broken when appending output of sql query in ksh
Sum column numbers elements in many arrays
Getting a Windows 7 installation to run virtualized under Ubuntu?
How to get the data between specified Starttime and Endtime in a log file?
Delete file with missing inode number
How to choose the highest number element in many files with many arrays
Linux HDMI - no output after booting
Is it possible people use Linux commands to change link locations as you're clicking on them?
Download Kali Linux
Is clock_getres the proper function for obtaining the resolution for Ubuntu 16.04 clock_gettime()?
Can't "make" older version of ImageMagick
Fail2ban Jail List
Is my ModPagespeedSlowFileLatencyUs setting ignored?
Why does BROADCAST need to be specified in ifcfg file
cannot scroll back in console (tty1)
I need a shell script to convert a csv file into pipe (|) delimited file by keeping the commas inside the enclosing quotes
list the amount of blocks used by your home directory and everything under it
Keyboard doesn't work
How can I monitor the length of the accept queue?
Multiple variable storage in a plain text database format
Can I change the default palette for an xterm-256color terminal?
Is there something like lsblk for network interfaces?
Testing programically for file hole support
Password generator question bash script
Fedora 24: increase disk space on /dev/mapper/fedora-var
Delayed script to boot exagear and skype using RPI3 on debian
In which init level /etc/profile or /etc/environment files are read?
Trying to understand device tree entry for usart
Seeking a script that can loop ssh to a list of ips and perform useradd, home directory, creation and the user to the sudoers file
nginx installation failed in Debian Stretch
What user mounts an nfs share?
Sorting filenames
Script doesn't exit when function output assigned to a variable
Bash's read builtin with multiline
how to make linux mint Charger Disconnect Notify?
How to add line breaks after every nth instance of a delimiter in perl
External tablet input devices for Linux (Inkscape/Gimp)?
Start X as a user other than root
Start tomcat at startup with administrative privileges
How to set up local mail retrieval and delivery?
Extending history search in zsh
Attachments are missing when multiple files are attached in mail
Supervisord runs ssserver but reports an error on CentOS?
How to build an RPM package from the installed files?
Is it possible to use shell parameter variables ($1, ..., $@) directly in CLI?
Window with activity in GNOME, notifies but doesn't show itself after Alt+Tab?
Removing lines with a single common field
Removing a directory that has no files in it
Error creating ext4 file system
Could it cause any problem if I not reboot after a kernel upgrade?
How to convert, resize and center image with ImageMagick
Linuxwacom xsetwacom/xorg.conf
AT&T UNIX System V Release 4 - How do I create a new "Administrator" user?
How to sort with a delimiter that is several characters long?
Track HDD access?
NVIDIA Proprietary Driver on Debian Jessie Problems
Strategy to extract movies's name from this ununiform dataset?
Is fedora 20 stable or not?
Autodelete old files
Why do some applications stop working when permissions are changed in /usr/bin?
Does X11 still have a hardcoded limit for application resource strings?
Copying two words from a string into two variables
How do I read from and write to an ISA bus from a kernel module?
Mounting a file system image inside an unshared namespace
counting number of rows with specific text and extracting rows from positive hits
How to make remmina ignore a key?
Adding SSL to my Amazon AMI EC2 instance
How to remove "ubuntu" from boot options even after I deleted?
Corrupt ext4 file system
New user cannot create files in its home directory
How to read coordinates from text file in bash?
How to filter all files of type containing a pattern
Prevent a shell fork from living longer than its initiator?
How do I use Python 3.6 in Pycharm?
How to know the command run by a process?
How to login to a remote user account using password and execute a set of commands?
Sorting STDIN by length and number of nonblanks in a Bash Script
AFP Client (afpfs-ng) ls: reading directory .: Input/output error, CentOS 7 & MacOS Sierra
Redirect web server from port 5000 to port 80 on localhost (Fedora, firewall-cmd)
how to navigate multiple location using single cd command in linux
Advance autologin via 2 jumphost/passphrase
Need to add column at the end of csv
Find out who su'ed to your user
How to control mode of execution of a shell script?
VirtualBox Ubuntu 16.04 LTS and exfat-fuse failing
atop peak memory usage from log
Change single blank lines to double blank lines using awk
Remove scientific notation bash script
Re-installing apps after a fresh install?
why the size of disk image decreased after mkfs.ext2
Server running but not serving
How to check if ARP is enabled or not
Reverse socks5 using SSH
Multicolored Grep
Find on AIX with output to file
USB 3.0 host controller suddenly stopped working
When did Automake switch to using Perl
Owner of init and xterm
NetworkManager (applet) - After click on network no window or error
Limit the length of the output of "rss" command in conky
How to show only installed packages by executing "aptitude search"?
Matching two different lines that are at least N lines distant from each other
Why does grep sometimes show the file name, sometimes not?
Setting the TOPCOLORS environment variable
Could not get a command to work with bash -c
How to manipulate output from commands with shell scripts
How to redirect http requests to local Apache server on internet connection lost?
Re-execute fc command from history
Ubuntu Precise -- suspend wedges GDM -- help!
Screen in bash script
Kill disconnected SSH session running in `screen`
What are these strange characters in wifi-menu and alsamixer?
ProxyCommand without socat, nc or Bash's TCP redirection?
Fedora and Samba on VirtualBox
How to use command line arguments in a shell script
Display content of all currently detached screen
Can't find correct way to use permissions to allow Apache+PHP to modify files that I uploaded and untar'd
Why can't DISPLAY be set to a hostname?
Start XTerm with custom bash history
What is the most efficent / fastest way to iterate values in an iptables rule?
Creating subdomain for Samba to use url instead ip address
Lynx thinks all certificates are untrusted with my configuration file
Shell script to run Linux command on multiple servers command by command
Remove automatic back feature of Nautilus
Change Runlevel In RHEL 7/CENTOS 7 with SystemD
/proc/net/wireless does not show values unless run as root
How can I share files between two Linux machines over LAN?
Cannot load linuxmint after dual boot with windows 8.1 having efi firmware
How to dump a binary file as a C/C++ string literal?
How stop rpcbind from being started on Arch Linux?
X0 does not exist in the directory
flash player installed but not working in firefox fedora21 x86_64
How to zip folder content on Ubuntu without keep the folder structure(path)
Show remote cursor on client that is connected to x11vnc server
How to use a wildcard in FFMPEG?
Opensuse goes consol after booting?
How to use terminal to access iCloud Drive when Finder is not running
smb running but not appearing in network
Installing packages by importing the list with dpkg --set-selections
is there a difference between these lines in `/etc/apt/sources.list`?
How to force a device to be mounted as Mass Media Storage (MMS) rather than Media Transfer Protocol (MTP)?
How to install KDE without Konqueror?
Pipe files downloaded with wget into a function
permision denied error ubuntu update with sudo
nginx web server on VM inaccessible to host
How to check the file type in a script
Command line shortcuts for changing directory
Can OpenSSH 6.7 optionally not depend on OpenSSL?
Searching through C++ STL man pages without having to add "std::" every time
Can No Longer Mount Windows File Systems (Since May 9th 2017)
Shell script call with current dir as first parameter and shell script as second
How to match a pattern and substitute only part of the pattern?
Interfacing with PoE wireless network adapter
Confusion about changing meaning of arguments and options, is there an official standard definition?
Error after upgrading OpenSSL on CentOs 6.5
Ignore files without extension in ack
Send mails on Ubuntu 16.04 - Failed to authenticate on SMTP server with username using 3 possible authenticators
Concurrently reading/writing to the same unix socket?
What is the purpose of the bash `suspend` builtin command?
How does unix / linux format an SD card?
How to categorize incoming emails
Open multiple files in folders with specific name pattern
Trying to run a python script as a service using systemd
When the OS is loaded, does the kernel continue to run as a normal program?
Script load two arguments
how to display local shell-script/s in browser/firefox?
prompt (PS1) doesn't update on bound command
What is `-p` used for `cron`?
Internet speed very slow in Linux but not in Windows
Help creating for loop to zip files with particular suffix and extension
ACL named group permissions not overriding file permissions. Why?
Smartcard "sharing violation" when using OpenSC and GnuPG
How do I append text from one line, to the end of another?
Problems with triggers permission
Is there a way to reptyr a make process or any process with subprocesses?
SSH Tunnel in background
How to stop any application to store text in PRIMARY buffer just because it has been selected?
chmod: changing permissions of directory Operation not permitted
expect script to autofill password
Micnet and bitnet,do you know them?
Disable touchpad in init script
Cross-compilation: running `make install` on the build (non-target) system
Ubuntu startup time READ FPDMA error
nmap command - suspicious behavior
Warning find: warning: you have specified the -maxdepth option after a non-option argument
Why are there 2 RAIDs in my /proc/mdstat?
MSYS2 why doesn't adding "mingw" to fstab have any effect?
Updating linux kernel broke my computer
Disk turns read-only while running sudo apt-get upgrade
Polling in SFTP server (best way to copy new files from SFTP server to local machine at regular intervals)
Does Fedora 16 do automatic system updates?
Working of rm/ls with [0-9]
Replacing part of a string with another part of that same string
Working of the [0-9]
Block network access of a process?
What to do with an executable file that simply doesn't execute?
I need a text editor to edit/visualize >10GB text files
netinstall media of CentOS 6.4 is broken?
Can someone provide an xargs example piping mysql query data into another command?
Reference documentation for cgroups (control groups) settings
decreasing "reserved block count" does not show up in df output
No syntax highlighting when editing crontab
Opening lid results in black screen (Dell Laptop with ATI Graphics, Ubuntu 12.04, 3.2 kernel, GNOME 3)
I can't install Mono because something's wrong with the kernel (I think)
How to Calculate the Total size of file searched using Find command
Filter a list of strings using math
Races when piping two commands to a named pipe
Creation of a WORM file
Why is ./filename required to run executable script?
What is the difference between the whatis and apropos commands?
Is it recommended to use zsh instead of bash scripts?
How to setup whatever.localhost.dev to resolve into 127.0.0.1 on Ubuntu 12.04?
How to get the time of several commands with a loop
Chrooting into ArchLinux iso installation environment
i want to extract the value from html tag using sed
What's the "default" routing table for in Linux?
How to check if HDF5 is installed?
Command line rebooting D-Link DWL-2100AP access point
How can I make Linux as secure as possible?
Synchronising millions of files between two Linux servers
How to fetch all the even lines and odd lines from a file and save them into two different files such as Evenfile & Oddfile?
How to turn off stack protector in linux kernel easily?
List names of files containing a string that occurs between two other strings
Group or world writable directory
How do I make journalctl messages show up in red?
How do I delete file by filename that are set as dates?
How to delete unknown file that doesn't have proper permissions
Unable to SCP to another IP
Suricata: nf_queue: full, dropping packets(s)
Mounting Overlayfs in a user namespace
bash - aliased command - use original command?
How to use 7z and "for file" with multiple file inputs?
How can I get a list of packages that I have installed using apt-get?
What are the differences between Debian Linux Kernel and Linux-libre?
Merely moving a directory inside another using mv
xmobar does not appear on top of window stack when xmonad starts
How to print the latest kernel version from grub.conf on Linux 7
Debian install unsuccessfull: DVD, dd, cat, Unetbootin, YUMI, Rufus, Live CD installs do not work
How to filter lines passed through a pipe?
how did my nginx conf get into an alternate location
Issue with adding a function to the .profile
Nginx with dnsmasq 'could not be resolved (5: Operation refused)'
Cinnamon: Desktop background from nested directory structure?
How can I safely recover deleted data from a USB flash drive?
Does anyone use Netem anymore? Alternatives?
Can we get address of a variable in a C program using GDB?
Need an "at" Command Timestamp That Runs Command Monthly at Given Day
Add Wine app to Cinnamon task bar
OpenVPN with systemd: Ask for password with pkttyagent
word frequency from file using partial match
Re-number a list, but not the order
Show progress of a for loop after it was started
Separate config files for different Desktop Environment
How to exclude directory from -not -newer statement?
passing a named variable as a command line argument to a perl script
What is the behavior of "yum install" when modifying an existing package?
Take a command that modifies a file inline and make it accept stdin/stdout
Debian second eth in VM only comes up manually
Using Linux as router with nftables - masquerade not forwarding reply back
Debian stretch rsync is never ending
Startup Script for Refreshing Screen Settings
How to pass every line of a file as options to a command?
How to prevent iptables and nftables rules from running simultaneously?
Linux Redhat 7 : How to set a shell option globally / system-wide?
remote mysql login using username / password not working when adding password to command line
Fedora 29 VirtualBox will not use DNS from host VPN
Ubuntu upgrade hangs on linux-header
$EDITOR environment variable won't set
How to reference a child directory, that is part of cwd's path?
Gnome3 Session Startup File
How Linux finds out about illegal memory access error?
How to route traffic through VPN only accessible within VM (without a bridged adapter)?
Kernel task with very large amounts of data written
Linux/Debian dpkg & administrator errors
file -b command return on sticky bit files
Any way to interpret string representing an integer or operation?
Verify FIT image signature in Linux userspace
How do I code this script to fork and submit 2 processes to run simultaneously?
Where is CONFIG_HZ defined?
Google Chrome Stable Set as Default in Lubuntu 18.10
How can I return (fetch) the subject using Dovecot's `doveadm fetch`?
Can tar extract jar files
Not able to hibernate or suspend centos system
invalid line /etc/crypttab
How to use variables in sed line deletion
Passing a command with arguments to a script
QT and Swing not acceptin the cursor theme of GNOME 3.14
Where to find the Crontab logs in CentOS
xset not having any effect in my .xsessionrc file
Wifi Connects in Kali not in Mint
fork() and how signals are delivered to processes
How to send input in a new terminal using Shell Script
How to properly build a minimal FreeBSD kernel?
Save windows state in DWM
How to get a positive signal upon the successful completion of a command
Checking URLs for HTTP code 200
An existing mdadm RAID5 is not mounting, Either a problem drive or Superblock
file name as argument and sort in descending way in perl?
Remove a line if regex exists only in 1st column of each line in a csv file
Using rsync for incremental backup, what happens when original full backup is due for deletion?
Problem running "selinux sandbox" with java
Empathy - Linux Mint 17.1 Cinnamon
seek function in unix
Symlink and the PATH variable
How to disable GUI for password promt in Gnome
Accessing xfig from x11 fails
Sudo command not working on Intel Galileo Gen 1
How to inspect the contents of /dev/sdt
GNU ls long listing without permissions/mode bit
Brightness keys not working on 3.14+ kernel
Catch "command not found" from shell script
Bash: handling "[[ statement ]] || echo problem found ; exit 1" logic
bit-wise complement with dd?
How can I have Linux Mint 15 Olivia always startup in console mode
Why do I see more processes in KVM than in OpenVZ?
What is the difference between apt-get and dpkg?
track down executables installer
Reloading Samba4's smb.conf without restarting the service
mount to nfs server failed, system error: no route to host
Why would I use a rsync mirror?
How to use VNC for gaming?
How to retrieve sysfs devpath of a USB flash drive given its corresponding partition sysfs path?
How can I write ftp command for a file transfer from one server to other?
bind9: client update denied
Where to find the VBR on the /dev/sda1 partition?
Bluetooth doesn't show up, Linaro
Bash commands/script to remove a line from CSV with duplicate in column
Non-graphical tty's not stretching full screensize
Making a IRQ SMP Affinity change permanent
How to edit files in-place while performing operation on the values matching the searched pattern?
Huawei modem change auto answer settings
Firefox unable to access domains defined in /etc/hosts if Network Manager is disconnected from a network
Assigning output of grep to a variable
Connecting to host by SSH client in Linux by proxy
How to force lp from CUPS to print in grayscale?
Cannot install Fedora 18
What does the Chromium option `--no-sandbox` mean?
How to su to www on OpenBSD?
what's the best way to chainload this
How do I remove all sub-directories from within a directory?
Which udev-attributes are really available during hot-/cold-plug?
Synchronise a directory with another directory
How to extract part of text from file?
Appending word at the end of line with sed
Connecting from local computer to server - ssh
Can't install Linux Headers (Kali Linux)
Puppet shows a different version to the puppet-agent package version
Copying file from MTP device using libmtp (over USB)
How to disable tcp checksum offloading on OSX 10.11.6?
how to forward traffic to ipsec vpn tunnel created using openswan?
Symbolic link to folder on another device
run a program inside bash script without doing it orphaned process
Is it possible to change the kernel in a UNIX/Linux system?
Is CoreOS affected by CVE-2016-8655?
find and delete files older than specific days and have specific string in filenames
swapping words with awk around a symbol/text ("to")
Linux Mint 18 installer claims insufficient disk space
How to encrypt a string with my SSH pubkey?
How to view your computer's MAC address using 'ifconfig'?
While/Read/Do/Done Loop Cutting Out Halfway Through Text File
Filter items from an array based on input with wildcard
Losing disk space and fast
how to extract the instructions provided by the rpm spec file
Bluetooth not working in Linux Mint 18
script to cd into many directories and execute a command
How to use a ks.cfg file to create a virtual machine.
while iterating over the directory, test to see if the items are files or directories
"find" doesn't list all files under specific directories
Upgraded Fedora 23 won't boot to graphical login - only brings up text terminal
A do nothing line in a bash script
Help on negative numbers in an if statement
AIX ksh script to define exported variables locally based on a remote file's definitions
How to avoid the difference in options that were used for creation of ext4 partitions on different Linux distro?
SFK to convert text to sound with minimodem?
Piping data to a fifo with EOFs every second
Switching from a downloaded version of python to a Homebrew one
Assistance with mdadm.conf syntax for reassembly of existing RAID0
How to automate putty commands when connection is through ssh?
How to debug Linux hang?
Archive Manager doesn't show file with the name "-"
Can I use libusb to get entire usb device tree?
Install and select libatlas in Fedora-23
Adding multiple comments to debchange in "batch mode"?
How to setup htdocs permissions for development VM?
associative array scoping issue with async function in bash script
Is it possible to drop all write privileges in a shell for the current user
install older version of gcc - debian sid
USB Headset with (Built-In DAC/AMP) Not Recognized Properly By PulseAudio
Error in shell bracket test when string is a left-parenthesis
Confused with results after dd operation on RAID6 configuration
How unstable is debian sid in practice?
Reload a local script from a URL available source code?
Conditional Construct Syntax Issue - Square or Round Brackets
Is it better to pass all files to mv or to run a bunch of mv processes in parallel?
Make polipo to log all urls
How do I set up RAID0 using extra two drives?
Quoting curly braces in the shell
Why is my unmounted USB disk still seen by `fdisk`?
Intel Graphics Driver for Mint Linux
How to identify which application is trying to access the unixbuild server?
How given script makes executables in /usr/local/bin/
Read only mode in gdb
Auditing of gdb commands
set hlsearch not working in vi
Problem with configure and build php 5.2 on redhat 5
Masquerading as another user from sudoers file?
Do USB emulators exist for Linux?
Why does my TCSH prompt change after cd?
How to add self to sudoers list?
Set up proper programming environment
Trying to install Windows on a system that has Ubuntu 12.04 installed
Best practices for attaching debug symbols to system libraries during development?
How does having /dev/fd make running shell scripts under sudo safe?
Red Hat Enterprise Linux desktop: constant crashing, unusable, what to do
Automate input procedure to a binary file
starting vim with command substitution
Remapping keys for workspaces in Xmonad
How should I configure /etc/host.allow on OpenBSD to only allow given IP's?
How to know if a background job is finished?
When is double-quoting necessary?
Is it bad/dangerous/inappropriate to put arbitrary backups in /var/backups?
Can't use peewee on Mac OS X Mountain Lion
Changing suspend order on OpenSUSE 12.2
How to detect if a program is not run from a terminal
How can I redirect ports 80 and 443 to 8080 and 8443 with iptables?
Using screen to connect to Cisco console
Where should user configuration files go?
How to create a gzip file without .gz file extension?
Bind DNS rate-limit and values for responses-per-second and window
Remove files from tar archive
Where does UNIX look for login information? eg where it finds what to do?
Restrict ssh login from LDAP to users who have a /home directory
starting server with nohup and redirecting input, output
kill a group of processes with negative PID
Cannot access HDD files through Linux Mint Live USB
Extract string from first character till string pattern
Mediawiki support has been dropped in Debian stable (jessie). What's the alternative?
Running multiple programs in the background and checking their return value
Can I use Clonezilla to backup and restore a bootable USB volume?
How will hibernation work in two Linux installations sharing a swap partition?
Stream to Sony TV
SSHFS in fstab requests password even though user connects fine using keyfile
Can you use Cheat Tables with scanmem
Why would a container not be bridged to the local network by default?
How to install xcfe on OpenBSD 5.9
Debian Security Updates
Stop HDD spin down when attached via USB adaptor
Hibernation of a dual boot machine with a shared writable partition
What does the OpenGL core profile version string mean?
Can detect but not connect to wifi network Kali Raspberry Pi
How to copy or restore OS via apt package-list?
How to change XFce's desktop wallpaper at specific times?
Transform a video from mov format to aiv format
Why different init files for login and non-login interactive shells?
How do I run Multiple commands for every x seconds
Got "input output error" when execute any commands
What's the difference between a=( `cat file` ) and a=($(cat file)) in Bash
Issues with yum and dnf in Oracle Linux 8
Prevent awk from removing "\" (backslashes) in variable
How to diagnose slow session for VPN Putty SSH to a server
PHP-FPM unable to load yanmic library
broken Ubuntu after failed release-upgrade
How to inhibit auto-mounting a USB device?
Linux SDK for printers
Can shell-scripting help secure a client-side email address?
Confused about "tree" not finding a file
kali linux stuck on gnome display manager
booting in text mode by using boot parameter in kali linux
Does Natron work on Arch?
Identify GSM Carrier of SIM Card Inserted into a Linux Host
How to do text processing on 2nd row of csv and append specific processed row result to new column in CSV using shell script?
Unable to remove devtoolset-7 from my CentOS System
UNIX script to send an alert mail if we didn't received files from the source before 12 am & to send an alert if the received files are zero byte
How to close hanged pane in Terminator?
Can I configure Linux to use a subsection of my monitor?
How to configure in nginx to allow ip and optional client certificate
Extracting columns from Fasta file in Linux
strange file association in Firefox when choosing "Open containing folder"
Awk if loop or not working
Got GRUB minimal BASH-like instead of full GRUB
How to ignore a spefic update shown in Software App
Cobbler ESXi installation freeze and not loading kernel
Parsing JSON with jq to get firstname in below JSON
Can't use sshfs anymore, but I can use ssh
BASH script: How to assign each line of command output to values in an array?
What filesystem offers best protection for securing data against corruption due to power loss?
bash prompt - long command circle back to same line after adding color
What are the advantages of using named pipe over unnamed pipe?
Oracle 11g R2 on Redhat 6
cURL: Java website not loading
What happens if I don't use & at the end of a nohup command?
how to rsync certain directory and files - problem
Mounted devices when using dd to create USB device boot image
Trying to create a bootable usb drive for kali linux
Does linux stops processing related to GUI when we remove the desktop screen from connection from cabinet(CPU box)?
Name for the chmod octal bits?
Identifiy file system for the device /dev/sdc1
Build a process substitution list for tee
apt is trying to remove linux-image-3.8.11
linux + grub.conf not exist
Spawn command not found
LXC container gets two IP addresses assigned to it
Permission denied when using -exec {} ls with find command
how to capture the latest kernel version from grub.conf
Determine if there is any VNC display desktop active and its number
GNU screen prevent "Width x chars too small" message on exit ("C-a C-\")
How to write expect in shell
Report Multiple IPs to tracker rtorrent
What is less doing with rpm, and how do I get that text without rpm
Problem with apt-get on Debian 5 Lenny
merge two files, first line from first file followed by first line from second file
Vim color scheme not being applied
What minimum options should be given to configure for installing dbus across machines on shared directory?
Autostart bash script, debian 8
No internet even with iptables ACCEPT all
How to rsync over ssh when directory names have spaces
How to stop `apt-get` complaining about unmet dependencies when I manually install the software from source?
How to get server's ssl certificate in a human readable form?
Missing usbserial driver
Samsung Ultra book won't wake up after hibernate and suspend on Crunchbang
How to ignore files if there is an similar file with the same size?
How can I suppress output from grep, so that it only returns the exit status?
How to reassign new values to array elements?
back-up command `cpio` isnt working?
How do I make my disk unmap pending unreadable sectors
Tips for putting ~ under source control
iptables does not list rules i have created
XForwarding Applications from OSX
Just installed openSUSE 11.3, and after 5 seconds , my keyboard goes to sleep for 1-2 characters?
Booting the machine using the Ubuntu 10.04 installer CD
Straightforward system and file backup/restore for Linux?
Sending audio through network
How does Linux handle multiple consecutive path separators (/home////username///file)?
What is the loopback interface
wireless networking
How to flash firmware under Linux in practice?
IPv6 NDP timer problem
how can I rename multiple files by removing a character or string?
Recovering ext4 superblocks
How can one force a re-scan of an SDIO bus from Linux user space?
Remove duplicated Java packages
Can I make Tmux tell Vim when its pane loses focus?
403 forbidden issue - .htaccess
How to find image files by content
Differences between VNC and ssh -X
Mplayer video output drivers
Unexplained Log Cruft and Possible Dropped Packets on WPA2-Personal LAN
Using a differencing, aka overlay, aka union, file-system with commit capability
How do I make my pc speaker beep
Enabling or disabling one monitor in nVidia Twinview on the command line, like with nvidia-settings
How to turn off Nautilus autoplay under KDE?
GNU screen - Restore a session with splitted screen
/mnt Directories Disappearing
QLogic 42C1831 HBA drivers on RHEL 4.8? Using Kernel 2.6.x
Script for ssh Agent Management: Is this adequate? Any bugs?
Make package explicitly installed in pacman
Scheduling commands by system inactivity
Using getopts to parse options after a non-option argument
multitail - custom config (multitail.conf) location
Linux memory usage?
Is there any equivalent to the atempo ffmpeg audio filter but for avconv to speed up video & audio?
Sanity check/cleanup for swap -- essentially mkfs.swap
How to fix Fontconfig error
Securely tunnel port through intermediate host
Remotely turn off display output?
Bash Script Display Remote Screen Session to User
su not asking for password
forwarding not working in iptables from 8006 to 443
Retrieve serial port information of a libvirt domain?
How to get gnome-music playing music
Play sound when suspending and resuming
How to Link File URLs?
how to downgrade in command line for ubuntu?
Command line program to Check Number of Seeder on a Torrent
HDD unique identifier
How to get an Wacom Intuos CTH-480 to work under Easy Peasy 1.6 (Ubuntu 10.04)?
vim: hide status line in the bottom
Conky on root desktop doesn't show config file changes
How to read the /proc/<pid>/fd directory of a process, which has a linux capability?
mdadm RAID6 reassemble with missing drives
Changing symbol with different pattern in a text file
How does aptitude in Debian 9 allow fine-grained purging of the new package list?
youtube-dl not downloading the whole playlist
How to remove only email addresses from a particular field from a file?
rsyslogd missing message?
execute script on remote machine from jump host without password prompt
sed display line number and add / remove comment
Collate three or more consecutive terms in a column with bash
Can i make the LightDM greeter wider?
SED; adding # in front of matching line with various special characters
Unix script not working
Passing environmental variable to docker
How Do I install debian packages onto mac-osx-mojave (10.14)
sed command works with e flag but not with E
How to specify cryptopp library paths in geany IDE for c++
Compare archlinux package size and popularities
bash script if variable equals
BASH: Check in /etc/shadow if user password is locked
Centos7 How to identify Network Device name for a kickstart file
Qubes OS USB drive with boot partition broke
Subtract string value in col1 from col2 and populate col2
Passing environment variables around in systemd
umask does not have -S option
Bash function with if then returns command not found
How can I prevent a process to change its setuid bit back to RUID within the process itself
How to run the same command to execute a file in multiple directories?
How to erase vanished files on linux system?
user specific jobs vs system jobs running as specific users
How to custom a live centos 7 image to boot from USB
Computer restarts when booting Parrot OS
how to pass string variable as globbing argument to command
remote machine/cloud application storage for running software
Htop - using more VIRT memory than I have storage?
How to add a new user and disable its root login?
How to Use an array of strings in bash
How would you put a job which requires sudo to background?
Can someone explain to me what this **diff** means..?
Can multiple users issue commands simultaneously using tmate with separate cursors in the same session?
How to count the number of words of each sentences in a file using shell command?
yum.conf and installonlypkgs option
how to break a line after matching a certain character using shell command?
Bash convert string to array of strings?
rdiff-backup operation not permitted
Trying to store the output of file command into a variable , but the output says "no such file exists"?
Run Kali without installing on machine
Passing list of ignored directories to `tree` command
Does Realtek RTL8192SU driver support access point mode
Unable to connect USB Wifi to the guest Kali linux using Virtual Box
Where are my log files?
How do you know you are on the last line when looping through a file?
../lib/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.12' not found
Can we broadcast in tmux
Joining all mp3 links in m3u file into a single mp3 file
remove whitespace from all items in a directory and sub directory
How to find only the name of a link?
How to get all numbers out of a string and add them?
Correctly shutting down the computer from an X session
gpg will not let me change my passphrase
Raspberry deleted folder reappears
Asking a GUI application to select all the text
Best way to archive after rsync
XRandR script runs correctly from command line, fails as cron job
Checking if a file exists and print the result to an excel file
How to preview image in tmux in iTerm2
Why don't I have a httpd.conf file in /etc/apache2?
Does Linux run correctly with SpeedStep on Broadwell?
Unpacking a .deb file containing a MIPS binary
get back to initramfs on shutdown
Limit network interface to specific commands vice versa
custom zsh autocomplete
Merging Two Files Columns
Bash characters staying when browsing history
NGINX - Balance protocol UDP
Debian 10 apt update issue
How can I delete a file with the name "*"?
Unicode Tables in Vim
Debian Packages: How to handle installs that require the addition of content to a bashrc to become active?
Mount numerous SquashFS images
Global Proxysetting on Linux
(Ubuntu 19.04) NFS share won't automount at boot: 'mount.nfs: Network is unreachable'
Looking for a graphical dialog program that I can use for my bash script
Can current `stty -g` settings be saved when also consuming stdin?
Regarding Target in firewall-cmd
Proper way to shut down consumer
How to tell rsync to only fetch files with wW4 in the name
How to replace a column of numbers in a lot of filesnames
Variable within a function does not accept its new value!
How to break down signal system call prototype in Linux?
Why can I see my samba shares from CentOS 7 but not Fedora 30?
How to list directory names that do not contain a certain filename?
color filter in linux display stack
How can I keep colorful terminal output, but disable pagers
find folder named "downloads" in the current directory
Trying to install Linux Distro on Raid 1
Adding metadata to opus file from command line
Handling whitespace in filepaths
How to have wget only follow a small set of paths
If wget follows breadth-first or depth-first
Auto-notify when postfix requires TLS?
Get command history from remote user on Linux server
How to find why php72_fpm is failing to start on OpenBSD?
Filter last word after matching a string
Make 'find -regextype egrep' as alias
How to detect the type of a file in tar.gz
Udev rules for seemingly indistinguishable devices
Remove first line of duplicated lines on first column
Print result in multiple lines
failed to mount fat filesystem: codepage cp437 not found
Compare element between two similar array
Unintentional bandwidth throttling — where else to look?
Add a debian source for APT in Kali Linux
Building shared library which is executable and linkable using Cmake
Force sending emails on port 587
iptables rules for machine running as openvpn server
Is there a way to check the losslessness of a FLAC file in Linux?
Did I unintentionally delete my entire hard drive?
Trouble compiling RealTek Wifi Drivers rtl8192ce on Fedora 21
When does swap start to be used? When does a process get an out of memory error and be killed?
Password fail delay is too long - Linux Mint 17
what is FTP Loopback in unix?
Unable to install Skype on Debian Jessie 64 bit
View a command in the shell history
Move file but only if it's closed
MPTCP doesn't create multiple subflows
How to install PyQT4 on FreeBSD?
pgbouncer startup problem
NGINX multiple locaton block matching
How to remove a service that keeps the system from booting?
How to remove a filename from bash completion, based on its suffix?
How to use a bootable USB stick and Linux to recover data from a broken hard drive
Key with modifiers to call certain behaviour in xmodmap
What is the /boot partition really for?
Running background process with screen command in xshell
nl80211 not found
Why can't I split cron logfile up from syslog in bangwagong host?
Graphic card driver issues Ubuntu 14.04
How do I set up and manually trigger log rotation?
Understanding the output of --info=progress2 from rsync
fish + script -> chaos, what options?
Old software in the Synaptic Package Manager
Bad magic number error with travis
How to make an SQL statement display how many rows it has counted so far?
MATE: Cannot see menu of QT applications (Skype, Virtualbox)
Monitor disk io for most writers
How does the CPU knows which physical address is mapped to which virtual address?
How to emulate LAN adresses locally?
How do I patch, compile & upgrade Thunar with a recently released patch... the Arch way?
Using sshfs freezes all terminals
Script called in rc.local only runs second command, not the first
How to check SLURM environmental variables programmatically?
What is the parameter "i" of the set command in the bash shell?
WebDriverError: unknown error: Chrome failed to start: crashed
Stream Youtube with mpv starting at an arbitrary point later in the video
Debian Jessie broken dependencies: The following packages have been kept back: librtmp1
Slick one-liner to convert a list like "1: 2, 3, 4, 5" to "1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5"
How many types of architectures and OSes
Install linux from USB without bios support
How to set a ldflag for a library in home folder
fdisk, dd, and the Rapsberry pi
Obtain device name and mount point if partition label is known
/etc/ld.so.conf doesn't contain /usr/lib
Mouse cursor became a big X
redirecting std output and std error
awk, sed, grep, perl... which to print out in this case?
How can I recover after Kate crashes?
Why rsh not opens and reads PAM modules and limits.conf?
How can i check for existence of color in my linux box?
Is there a convention for adding .pc files for pkg-config?
Check if specific interface is connected?
rsync keeps stopping on one directory with no errors
One gedit instance per i3 workspace
Who changes the foreground process group of a terminal?
How to kill all child processes after parent process died and they all switched to init?
two variables pattern check at once
awk - streamline this script
Are double "if" statements allowed in shell scripts
Add a path in $PATH globally for every user
Corosync/Pacemaker cluster loss of synchronization
pptpd dead but subsys locked? on cent os
How to do a control loop
Is swapping the cause of high IO on my box?
How may I Obtain a RHEL/CentOS in OVA Format?
Entries I can safely exclude doing backups
Remove duplicates from basenames in two files
Finding the logs in a hacked server.
How can I track executables created by my user on Linux?
How can I create a local function in my bashrc?
TPS Based Shell Script
Spawn a new terminal window from the terminal
Passing options to subcommands in bash
install-recursive Error while installing libLBFGS + cygwin
Grep multiple pattern negative match
migrating evolution to thunderbierd and maildir format
Grep command in shell script
What is the default font used in rxvt?
GNU parallel vs & (I mean background) vs xargs -P
How do I set up of IBM Cognos Business Intelligence with an Apache web server?
make grep output without trailing newline
How to move files into newly created directory on condition in shell/perl
How to install windows 7 after fedora 16
What is the meaning of /etc (as acronym)
Bluetooth pairing hangs up the system in debian
Install newer version of application in $HOME without root access and linking to installed app
Toggle border with key combination in xmonad
How to make an ext4 file writable on mounting by a user (not root)
small Linux host for virtual box
To pass a parameter with sed
How to enable autocompletion for remote paths when using scp?
Can't use exclamation mark (!) in bash?
What size blocks does NFS server write to disk?
How do I remap a set of hotkeys only when a certain window is in focus?
How to change what systemctl restart does
CSV - Add quotes around missing fields
Move home directories for users who don't exist?
How to save an image of an active window when X server is not running
Merge contiguous partitions /swap, /var, /tmp, /home in a single one on Debian 10
Monitor File for New Lines and Write to File
How to pass USB port through to qemu with chroot
realm join unable to create computer account
Detailed output of ss command
How do I load a file in GRUB as a bootloader?
Is there a way to do one-time pads(OTP) with Linux cryptsetup(dm-crypt)?
rsync only folders that exist in target
wmctrl showing and hiding tray programs
How do I use nm to recursively search for specific symbol?
Manipulating directory listing with AWK
Save iptables DD-WRT command
Monitor Apache Selectively
Kernel-core fail
Using regular expressions in "less"
HPLIP: Some packages not installing
Disable mouse scrolling through terminal command history on Mac terminal
Designing Lock Screen
Setting up reverse proxies for websites cloned to local machine
Ghostscript add Header Page to Split Document
How to use crunch to leave a length of characters alone while focusing on the ones I want?
Whois queries with color output
From server cannot ping server itself by its hostname while can ping by its IP
Cron task won't run, although all is correctly set up
Linux Mint: Rotating external 4k screen causes extreme system sluggishness
NetBSD desktop install
How can my cpu frequency be above maximum MHz value in lscpu?
How to get maximum performance on HP Proliant server running CentOS 7?
NetworkManager doesn't trigger ethernet disconnection
Why does unshare binary call clone() so many times?
How to prevent a command from ticks from being executed in Linux bash scripting
How to show desktop when remotely accessing Debian?
Invert matching lines, NUL-separated
Using bind to read the current command line
Concatenate contents from stdout and from file
Changing locale from en_US.utf8 to en_US in RHEL 7
IPCOP DHCP not working on green interface with two wireless routers connected via switch
Meaning of fcntl ... F_SETLK ... (Resource temporarily unavailable) in strace output?
Key combo to Abort accidental massive paste-into-terminal mistake
SonarQube 5.6 LDAP (FreeIPA) authenticated users have no groups
Graphics problem on debian 8.0 with Kaby Lake CPU
how to create manifest script
Unable to allow specific ip addresses in ufw
How to configure systemd to turn a simple script with standardIO in a network service
Mapping scancodes to keycodes
LogIn Logs Checking
VmHWM only 25% whereas it should be around 80%
Start bash then autostart fish with terminator
Debian 8 / kernel 4.9.0-0.bpo.2-amd64 failing on boot sometimes
how can I show the console of a headless running vbox vm
i3wm: two monitors, one browser per monitor (dual head kiosk)
How do I check what distribution of CentOS 7 I have installed? (Minimal or Everything)
Shell variable vs. Environment variable, which one is preferred if both have the same name?
How can I create an exfat partition that can be mounted without root?
How do I know when I installed my distribution?
Are threads implemented as processes on Linux?
How best to set up a triple-boot with MacOS Sierra, Windows 10, and Linux Mint on 2016 iMac?
nmap & arp cache behaviour
What is the purpose of the default /etc/securetty settings on Debian?
Could not bind socket: Address already in use
How to copy the /bin files along with dependencies using commands?
Restrict certain command options
Pick up successive lines containing keywords in order
How to redirect program error to a file while using pipes
Default Printer Options in CUPS
Hiding Specific partition from a non-sudo user
linux network traffic accounting
What character encoding is used for Linux configuration files?
How does the kernel assign the nice value to a process after it has been executed?
Linux Live CD crash after GRUB selection
Unable to re-create initramfs using dracut
Transparent x86 emulation using QEMU on Raspbian
Website cannot write to files or create directories
Open a file in the default text editor programmatically
Problem with installing php7.1-gd
the "done" message after a &-command is not displayed right away, but after a user action. Why?
How do I get the old `du` behaviour back?
What are portability of backup, remote backup and networked backup mean?
Changing the preferences of Gnome-terminal from within the terminal
Disable of coloring for ls on NTFS filesystems
How to loop over display numbers in .xprofile?
Delete all files by find
Can't change gnome-terminal tab's title from within ssh session on remote debian 8 machine
Input separator of the `read` builtin in Bash
Path `/boot/grub' is not readable by GRUB on boot. Installation is impossible. Aborting
[ERROR]Cannot access secondary GPU…Failed to initialize the NVIDIA kernel module
OCR for getting text from an image. Error management
Generate array of strings combined with number
Determine the owner of the session of a process
Kali Live not booting, stuck on blinking cursor
mtp:udi=/org/kde/solid/udev/sys/devices/pci0000:00/0000:00:1d.0/usb2/2-1/2-1.4 does not exist error
SELinux ignoring configuration?
how to find file defining an alias
CLI: How to set a folder's permissions the same as existing adjacent folders?
specific swap partitions for multiple debian instances in a single computer
How to monitor create a txt file without using incron?
Is there any relationship between linking binaries and symbolic links?
Protecting my server from its own users
Difference between /dev and /sys
Redirection differences between &> >& and 2>&1
Trouble with understanding the concept of mounting
What is the difference between HAL and udev?
Does a Linux server use swap space of an SSH client?
executing any program in mc ends putty session if not logged in with root
Simple terminal emulator (themable) with mark-as-copy with 'universal' $TERM
Splitting the Home dir two different partitions
Qemu: No file system could mount root (unable to mount roofs)
How to use `smart-compile` without confirmation in Emacs
Auto-Mounting CIFS Shares on Laptop
Sort based on the third column
How to get variables from the command line while makefile is runing?
less freezes at last line when paging output from a running command
Trouble embedding clang in a standalone application
Is it necessary to reboot after a kernel upgrade (via APT)?
Problem Starting MySQL on new Centos 6 build
Shell script read separately columns from file
wget downloaded file names with absolute path for use with apt-get
Fonts way to big with Awesome WM
How to terminate GUI in SunOS from a shell-script
How do I remove Ubuntu packages from Linux Mint?
How is the host file actually used in unix/linux networking?
Two display providers have the same name
fcitx inverts scroll direction
How to implement setuid bit?
How can I mount a VDI with snapshot?
Why does this endless loop not use up my system resources?
Compressing Directory tree into multiple tar archives into a single xz
xrandr command does not work in lightdm.conf
How to do to make Evince open multiple pdf document in tabs and not separately?
Centos freeing up disk space
LXC: How do I mount a folder from the host to the container?
Reading a path from a nested grep yields "No such file or directory"
How to forbid the execution of /bin/rm -f *?
X doesn't work after upgrading Slackware from 13.37 to 14.0
Samba 3.6 Configuration in Fedora 17
Do LVM snapshots ultimately cause fragmentation?
Bash-completion and grep
How can I schedule a python program to run from another python program?
Can X11 scale to virtual resoltions on HiDPI/Retina screens the way OS X does?
conffiles syntax
Install Fedora core 15 on HP Smart Array Controller HDD
How to target multiple selections with xclip
How can I use variables in the LHS and RHS of a sed substitution?
No valid sudoers sources
How would a script know when running locale-gen is necessary?
How to switch xsessions?
Migrating from archlinux to gentoo
Why is $* not working as expected?
Where is the setting for sending email to a system user with ssmtp?
What does a "[1]+ Exit 1" response mean?
Is installing and configuring Arch Linux in VirtualBox going to be the same as installing it for real?
24gb files removed but no changes to the available space. What could have happened?
"No target" error using Make
How to build gcc inside a Debian chroot?
sftp from Unix server to Window
Give every IP address a different hostname?
Amplify quiet passages in an mp3 file
How to Pass High Resolution from GRUB2 to FreeBSD?
chrome ui issues with mint 17
Help with lost software RAID5 on CentOS 6.5
Stuck pixel on X
Keyboard layout isn't changed in Chromium under Debian
How to destroy existing disk partitions
What triggers this screen prompt "Screen used by <username> on host01."?
Device URI for Printer
Why are all files detected as application/octet-stream in nemo?
Language change macro in LibreOffice Writer
How Can I Back Up Win7 Before Installing Mint Alongside It
get CPU usage of a VM (linux) using java
How to zip a file and save it in another directory
Cannot properly set user, group, and group list for `chroot`'d command in macOS?
Xmodmap seems to send some extra keys
Numpad functions using Autokey
rastertogutenprint5.3 not available
How I can set output device as a input device in Arch linux
Can I change the centos.iso for replacing the CentOS-Base.repo file?
apt install: Note, selecting 'foo' instead of './foo_x.y.z_amd64.deb' - what it means?
Mapping readings with labels
Thinkpad T430: Unable to turn off USB power during sleep
Is there a Desktop that allows for certain workspaces to be tiling?
Is there a systemd equivalent for user sessions?
When did Unix stop storing passwords in clear text?
Pacman does not install the most recent version of a package
I cannot install Yaourt: I do not have write permission for the directory
Retrieve USB device information for drive which provides specific mount point
Standard Printer Driver, Lexmark e210
Predictable UIDs of users created in the process of portage package installation
how to ping (multicast) between two Gnu/Linux PCs
localhost kernel: appex: not cloning BAD SKB: head=xxx
Extract files which have more than 5 lines, and keep same filename
Can't Undelete Folder with TestDisk
How to use both ssh and sshfs through VPN with single connection?
Where are internet connection logs stored in Mint12 x64 and how to analyze them
Shell script doesn't paint last line of stdout to screen without user input
Would installing linux ease my Mac OS problems?
How to plot many linegraphs on one page with gnuplot
user disappeared during update error
php web program running a shell script?
Multiple ssh sessions in single command
How do I equally balance tmux(1) split panes?
Git-SVN Not Allowing Me to Authenticate
Why does dd from /dev/random give different file sizes?
Thinkpad disable TrackPoint
Invert colors in whole PDF (convertion)
vmstat IO stats: why the high bo during a download?
remove trailing zeros in awk not working. syntax error
How to do SOCKS over a reverse SSH tunnel?
Use of cores with `isolcpus` and `cpuset` TOGETHER
When did zfs-fuse become such a fundamental dependency on Fedora?
mounting CIFS - works on Ubuntu 14, not on Debian Testing
df shows 100% used, but logs keep getting written
How to prevent Firefox from updating to version 57 on Ubuntu 16.04?
Openvpn local/remote TLS keys are out of sync
Hyphen Suffix on file name
Append line of text to file using sed with slash
Creating a udev rule that uses information from a parent in it's SYMLINK name
linux FIT image won't boot with standard bootm,bootz
How to offline install Gnome 3 on CentOS 7?
PXE Network Booting for Docker Containers
How to install CentOS 7 into a directory (without booting an install system)?
Is it possible to separate one file among 4 files 3 rows at a time?
Why do you need to clean free space before creating a LUKS partition?
How to make a bash script run all the time
What is the format of the "apt search" output on debian / ubuntu?
KDE task switcher spam: "the window switcher installation is broken, resources are missing."
Test Script success by matching output lines
How to pin a package in dnf (Fedora)
How to move a process from one process group to another, and how to list the processes in each process group?
Self-Signed Certificate with CRL DP? Is this even possible?
How to mount Atmel mass storage device with unknown FS
Get file double click system arguments into application
Create Bash Script to Wait and then Run
Is there a way to know at runtime if a driver is a kernel module or if it was statically linked?
memtest86+ does not boot when I select them in Grub
In Gnome, how do I decide whether to accept a PackageKit software source?
Font encoding in Terminal
Command to list in real time all the actions of a process
What live distro can automatically accept usb tethering from android phone?
Grub not installing properly with two seperate discs
Locked out of Linux Mint
why we should use create and copytruncate together?
Checking if HyperThreading is enabled or not?
How to use wget or other tool to download a file, for which the link is hidden(activates on-click only)
How to easily set up multiple accounts in mutt?
Can I use divert as an alternative to ipfw fwd?
Any other Linux application similar to Greyhole?
Compiling a C program that defines a function getline by GCC
Is there a tmux equivalent of "screen -D -R"
Create a volume group from a logical volume instead of a physical volume
How to schedule something run once using anacron?
Alternative to watch which support colors
Is there a way to find files containing only non-printing characters?
How to copy only matching files, preserving subdirectories
dnf: additionaly install optional packages to already installed group?
Why does [0-9]* match where there aren't any digits?
Benefits of using vim buffers over tmux panes / dwm terminals
Why do we daemonize processes?
How to PXE boot an IPCop installation?
Why does ci" (change inside quotes) not work in bash with vi mode enabled?
File server.js is being edited (by root with nano 2.4.2, PID xxxx); continue?
Generating word list base on possible numbers/characters via Crunch in Kali Linux
Are directory paths stored in UNIX filesystem?
Systemd Service for Offlineimap + gpg encrypted PW's inside tmux works manually after system start but not autmoatically
SSH broken pipe, message authentication code incorrect
Debian boot partition on USB stick, when and how to mount
How to send a ghost email message?
error while loading shared libraries: libcppunit-1.13.so.0: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
Is it possible to configure hibernation to be safe to use in a single OS, single boot, with multiple kernels or system "snapshots"?
Cause `less` to exit with a non-zero status code?
Bash apt-get updater script via desktop laucher
rsync wants to copy files that already exist in the destination directory
How to work out why Apache is attempting "execmem"?
Debug a script that is in your PATH?
How to override TTL in a caching-only bind9?
How do I prevent my cd ripper from overwriting Unknown Album when metadata can't be found
Setting up Network File Share on raspberry pi, need to restart nfs-kernel-server each time the system is started
Fluxbox: Right click on window title won't open context menu
internet connection issue after installing ubuntu
What prevents a dm-verity mapping from being reset?
wget failing with 404 File not found
Installing bunsenlabs linux from live usb to hard disk
How to configure Ctrl+w as delete word in zsh
Debian distribution with Openbox already installed
How do I write a Bash script to autoadjust the screen resolution of Enlightenment 20 running under VirtualBox?
Which program is not used for archiving?
Find files in specific directories
Is the "tick" or "acute accent" character ´ (not `) used for anything in Linux shell?
String substitution: If empty replace, otherwise make empty
Systemd's Environment: check variable existence
Why do I temporarily get 'Input/output error' reading a symbolic link in a NFS mount?
Command route not found
Use negate ^ to get results which not contain specified charactres
How to create a list of links?
Can one combine logical volumes from different groups without copying the contents over?
What is the easiest way to grep the command output?
Is Linux a suitable platform for learning COBOL?
Unable to install Let's Encrypt certificate on CentOS 7
Using variable instead of a cat output
Protect user edited *.desktop files from upgrades
st terminal: only change cursor's shape when move over text
Locally forward tcp port bidirectional
syslog forwarding
How does linux know where the rootfs is?
apt-get Post-hook for specific package
How to link to a shared library with a relative path?
Sendmail queueing and not sending local mail promptly
Remane filename by switching what is before and after an underscore
How to route outgoing traffic to one IP to another IP?
Running an executable without sudo
How to setup a growable loopback device?
How can I disable the button of my CD/DVD drive?
HDD indicator blinks when I run out of memory, but I have no swap configured
What counts as a file modification or change?
"find" output relative to directory
Limit CPU cycles inside of Xen
Thunar keyboard shortcut to change tab
VSFTP local user works, but PAM users Permission Denied
How to get the filenames and their absolute paths in one line?
Remove programs from automatic startup
Ubuntu 14.04 ,looking for script auto restart eth0
When shell executes a command in child shell how is output passed from child shell and is shown on parent shell
Dual boot going straight to fedora without giving options
What charset encoding is used for filenames and paths on Linux?
Mono book recommendations
Problematic build script with quotes
How to make vertical bar | work in grep?
Applications that run on Mono in Ubuntu
How to suspend and resume processes
Create directory in /var/run/ at startup
Given keys in ~/.ssh/authorized_keys format, can you determine key strength easily?
Install development files locally to build on system without root access?
GUI for adding Fedora software source
Why is there a big delay after entering a wrong password?
Sync Palm Centro pictures on Linux
Looking for ARM- or MIPS-based computer (netbook or similar size) to play with
What makes a portable mp3 player work well with Linux?
Which cell phones run on the Linux kernel?
Linux Programmable Controller
Diffing two big text files
Wireless multi function scanner / printer
How to save temp data
Rsync filter: copying one pattern only
Ubuntu: How can I disable boot and logout screen
Is there any way to assign shortcuts to Nautilus bookmarks?
Audio recording does not work -- how to diagnose?
Is there something that will generate keyboard's click sounds?
How do I setup Alpine to connect my Gmail account using IMAP?
Rebuild auto-complete index (or whatever it's called) and binaries in $PATH cache in zsh
Identifying files with special characters in its name in a terminal
Cannot add ubuntu to the suse grub
Line numbering in Vim
Sound Problems with pulseaudio
Prevent disk renumbering on reboot in OSX
Easy way to use hardware mixing?
Trying to improve sound quality with ALSA
What is the best tool/tools to record video from webcam on linux?
Randomise or shred memory of an application
Why does Linux use a swap partition rather than a file?
Why do Unix-heads say "minus"?
copy recursively except hidden directory
What happens in "watch" when the called command has not yet finished?
Permissions remain 2700 after `chmod 0700`
Load UserDict into a Postscript File
Recursively replace all links with actual files (gnu)
Ubuntu server 16.04 tty not working
Create an alias or shortcut command to run programme in ubuntu
Curl request exits at five minutes unexpectedly
ps command return nothing in function
Debug dnsmasq not loading conf?
Migrate service and IP address from one pc to another, so that the other pc takes the place of the first but also retains its original IP
Why did this find exec ls stop showing one of the files?
QXcbConnection: Could not connect the view, Ubuntu
how to enable full resolution on large monitor (in KDE)?
How can I multi-boot many Linux distros and Windows on the same USB drive?
Are all of the signals sent from the terminal gets sent to the foreground process group?
Timezone discrepancy between apache logs on two identical servers
Debian login loop, can't login with correct password
Are virtual devices in Linux ever assigned duplicate MACs (actually duplicate IPv6 link-local addresses)?
How to prevent cgroup: fork rejected
My ubuntu-server doesn't execute my gtk-based program at startup!
xbacklight doesn't work Linux Mint i3
Why does my laptop screen dim after a few seconds on battery power?
How can I plot a sum function using gnuplot?
unmet dependencies with mariadb: mariadb-client-10.0 conflicts with mysql-client-core-5.5
how link the home dir of two linux distro on different partitions
Syntax error: operand expected (error token is "=1 + ")
Send Apache Catalina Logs to Logstash
Make a Scheduled job for Renaming the files in a folder and send an updated alert email
given a file, find where within a subdirectory it was copied to
Where do I put the information for Django in Apache2 in Ubuntu
Eliminating trailing space on wrapped lines in a terminal
My package won't build because of a missing package
traceroute (with TCP) doesn't capture received ICMP responses
To recover harddrive of partial formatting to NTFS from FAT
Installing in Lubuntu?
Copying Only Directories With Files
Installed PDFInfo with Homebrew Cask but no command associated with "pdfinfo"
How do I vmtouch a directory (not the files it contains)?
How to find out last run time of shell script?
detect number of RAM channels
How do I test or verify ZFS encryption is working?
Is there a process logging tool for solaris?
How to restore packages removed by installing a program
Is there a way to list files before mounting a disk partition
Cannot get back signal after reboot using VGA-to-HDMI adapter
How to construct a GPT-only partition table on Linux?
Wordlist/dictionary generation for penetration testing
Explanation of % directives in find -printf
Why the info displayed on my console after executed mail command?
Change terminal color in solaris 10
Unable to login as a newly created user
Debian: How to resolve relocation error?
strange ssh problem: "open failed: administratively prohibited:"
Virtual USB HID device
How to launch gedit from terminal and detach it (just like "subl" command works)?
What's the purpose of -i and -s options of bash?
cron job not running - root runs ok tho
How do I alias history 20 to work the same way in zshell vs. bash?
How to display only third match of Find statement?
Kickstart failing partition creation
What is the purpose of rcsshd?
Capturing the desktop in real time and analyzing with openCV
X11 forwarding from a docker container in remote server
count a character in each row and divide it into the number of columns
How do I know the killed process name by process ID
What is the correct term for streams we substitute in a parameter?
Trying to add multiple grep commands within an exec
Is it a best practice to wrap paths in quotation marks?
Gentoo - how make binary packages from allready installed packages
How to cat all the log files within a range of dates
Why is swapoff so slow?
Bash Cat file to terminal centre
Reception of Frames with Destination MAC ALL ZERO
Move all files from listed directories one level up
Windows 10 Is Not Visible On Grub
How to make a bootable ISO file
What is the efficient way/environmental requirements to stream a 1080p file via Hotspot in Ubuntu?
Ubuntu 16.04 libmfhdfalt.so.0 is missing
Sorting and catch the not expecting values (Shell Scripting)
Is plain text in index.html secure?
Replacing strings in lines
Linux Mint screen resolution is low as I removed nouveau
Which oh-my-zsh plugin is providing this tab-completion functionality?
Dynamic substitution of variables in bash
Installing Manjaro 18 on HP Spectre NVMe SSD
How to override GTK style setting from kde-config-gtk-style for one specific app?
Why does Linux add an hour to the time stamp of files from external device?
Why does my find (+ sed) command work in the terminal but not in a makefile?
virtualbox change ip static address from command line
Dirt Rally Start Failing
Send stderr to a different receiver in pipe
Making an offline apt-cacher / mirror
Apache mod-security gives "Loaded PCRE do not match with compiled!"
stderr is being sent down pipeline but I don't want that
How to double-check a LUKS passphrase
Is it technically possible to install Ubuntu Server on a Android Device?
bash: /var/log/rkhunter.log: Permission denied (as root - Linux Mint 18.3)
if-statement incorrect output
To print all alphabets (excluding digits) in a given line
My machine always reboot into the GRUB prompt instead of GRUB menu
How can I show current service state of systemd service?
How can I remove a new line character in a particular column in a CSV file?
How to find out which process is deleting a file without root permissions?
Linux - How to distribute as portable a root-only GUI application
how can I quote a variable expansion inside a string to avoid word splitting?
Can mount but cannot umount without password
vmstat: Very high interrupts (system.in) & context switches (system.cs)
Installing pam_radius through package manager
How can I see previous logs with systemd?
Why do I need NFS for PXE booting a linux os?
Use env with environment variables from file
How to save the grep o many files
What's the proper way to use a variable with spaces in part of a shell script command?
Setting primary screen in middle of three-monitor-setting
Creating a new file inside awk but in different directory based on input field value
Append data of multiple files to new file separated by a line
Keep system accessible in case of freeze
Loop through read only .zip data archive to extract line from .kml file within
How to make a dhcp server using busybox udhcpd for multiple ports
Why don't I see packets when I listen on my ftp port with tcpdump on localhost?
Fedora 21 - no Network Online ever happened
How to log the last X lines of a continuous stream
How do I grab image dimensions using ImageMagick cli?
How to tell whether a process is network I/O intensive or not in user mode in Linux?
How to Upgrade linux fedora 14 to the latest version
What will ls -l | wc -l command display?
Copy command with command line arguments
Can't remove apostrophes from filenames in terminal
Resize a specific window to a specific size and screen location from within a script
Round Robin vs FIFO
Simplest way to tell if a GTK application (e.g. Firefox) is fully loaded and ready, in order to maximize it
Linux DNS Suffix Configuration
Create five copies of file with the same inode number
How to connect CentOS virtual machine (on VMware) to the internet?
Using IPtables to block outgoing traffic to a TAP interface from a LAN IP address or subnet
What is the difference of defining a variable with or without quotation marks?
What is this HOME command?
NVIDIA drivers as LKMs in Unix: Module nvidia not found
Why does my scp cap at 8MB over local network transfers?
dig domain replay SOA
Install .deb file from git repo on apt-get install
I have ap-hotspot installed and working, but only HTTPS sites can connect
how can I sync a specific device?
How can I copy three partitions of my disk with a specific beginning and ending using dd?
Restore a screen session after shutdown
Shell script to run a program with arguments
I have a Logitech G600 mouse that is listed twice on xinput list (as in same name and properties). How do I update this .conf to reflect that?
How to restart certain Linux services
Linux network stops functioning after random time (wired)
How to create a new character device under /proc/device file?
change to a specific screen in awesome wm
Changing settings of the Cinnamon desktop in an unattended fashion
bash in Windows behaves differently than bash in Linux
cpupower frequency-set does not work
Rsync just structure and specified folders
What should I do about Python 2.7.9 not looking for SSL certificates in the right place on FreeBSD?
login using serial port in Linux
Unmet dependency after linux mint distribution update
Why does the UNIX system need so many [0-byte] drives at /dev/*
Where can I find the kernel configuration on each Linux distribution?
tmpfs : creating file in tmpfs does not change memory usage in htop/top
how to set up my mail
Share environment variables between bash and fish
What and Why? - File Descriptors
Running commands stored in shell variables
Is it a bad habit to move things to tmp?
Unix/Linux equivalent of Windows' Bypass Traverse Checking
change non-zero padded hour and minute into 24hr time
Dokuwki mirror without ftp or shell access
Create arrays with brace expansion in loop
"No such file" warning on terminal launch
SSH connection refused from inside my LAN
Why do some open-source Linux software packages costs?
Efficient todo / project / task manager application
Cinnamon (Petra) crashed. Opens in fallback mode
Why PowerVM LPAR CPU utilization is negative
SSH + Certificate Authority server?
Hard disk power management with image toggling in display
Looking for economical ARM based board for learning Linux
When removing a Debian package, how can I also remove Python *.pyc files?
zsh completion and unknow bzr commands
missed X-Spam- headers for all messages in exim4 + spamassassin
How to migrate SVN to git
Backintime Linux desktop backup to a Synology DiskStation
Windows / Unix Share
How to tail a file over the network?
How can my HDD swap without a swap partition?
How do I load modules at startup in a certain order?
What is the difference between Unix, Linux, BSD and GNU?
Use SSH to connect to a Windows OS in Linux
Set a ZSH shell variable using mintty?
Characterizing iptables impact
SASS (gulp) failing
Problem installing debian 8.2 on msi computer
Shell function to check if there is a suspended process that's a child of this shell?
How does the xdg-open command know which application to use to open a file?
Restore file permissions after Windows copy
Can I connect a Ubuntu Linux laptop to a Windows 10 laptop via ethernet cable
How to make startx open new X Session in tty7 on Raspberry Pi?
BeagleBone Black static IP address was changed strangely
System fails to boot after Linux installation
How do I boot from ISO file stored on hard disk?
Measuring how much batteries lasts on another system?
Replacing a running binary on read-only file system
Find doesn't work with recursion?
Why does mount happen over an existing directory?
FreeRDP Security Negotiation Failure
connlimit counters start over after iptables restored
Apache "Module mod_alias does not exist"
How are hard links counted in UNIX?
Should variables be quoted when executed?
How to view WIFI devices names and signal strength
logrotate not working
Can I redirect logfiles to syslog?
SSH Bash Jail Session
Configure autocomplete for the first argument, leave the others alone
Buffer overrun on Fedora 16 serial
Why is this make file not working?
Load module from the boot menu
Does GNOME 3 support desktop zoom?
fstab not mounting a disk on boot
How to force use SMTP servers in Alpine?
Vi buffer contents stay on-screen after using screen commands
USB 56k modem not detected
How to add custom script to plank (dock) in Elementary OS Freya
Sound output not working properly in chroot
Sending commands to a window in tmux
Deleted boot partition accidentally with gpart
Sudo complains “is not in the sudoers file”
How can I know thread names that run on specific core
xrandr --listproviders does not detect nvidia
Peristent LiveCD: Allow user to write-access to usb key
openjdk-6-jre-headless dependency in debian jessie
"configure: error: Package requirements (blkid) were not met"
How to customize port in filezilla to connect my vps?
What causing locales issue in debian?
Allow certain guests to execute certain commands
How to forward between processes with named pipes?
No full-screen with pepperflash in Firefox
Not able to cat a string from a file under a string of another file
How to change the document root directory in debian8.1?
for loop in bash lists dot and double dot folders
Is there a conventional place in Unix to store downloaded packages?
Gnome desktop environment: how to get it working on OpenBSD?
Viewing Linux Programmer's Manual when multiple pages bear the same name
gpg: can't open `–': No such file or directory
Linux (on Vmware) keeps timing out instantly when not doing any network activity
Obmenu wont start: says I am missing the GTK module
Edit columnar data in vim
Check list of Package names for valid names
arr1=(1 2 3) ; arr2=${arr1[@]} equal but different
Ftp server login error 530
SSH connection problem (timeout) from outside to ppp0 interface (4G modem) on Raspberry Pi
Docker and OverlayFS
let rm truncate files
How to configure rc.local with shell?
Find UUID of SSD which is already partitioned
find + delete files that contain "."
The scancode shown by dmesg is different from that from showkey
How to get Gluon SceneBuilder working with Fedora 25?
Does SQLDriverConnect (from unix-odbc) cache the DSN data? If so, how can I clear/purge it?
searching for a pattern and printing the output on console
Termination issue with sed
Automatically check which of your ubuntu packages are available in other distributions
Pagespeed + Nginx installation from source fails
SSH over VPN over WiFi Hotspot not working
Centos 7 running on VM how to set default gateway - ping google.com fails
Postfix + dovecot, disable authentication on port 25
What is the maximum support for file descriptors based on my CPU
retrieve disk stats on command line
Bash Script to cp files from a list
dm-crypt / luks partition disappeared
Moving files into directory based on their name
Ubuntu Amazon EC2 Connecting using IMAP
How to send mail with multiple attachments?
Mint Display Manager says "g_key_file_free: assertion 'key_file ! NULL failed" after I re-built glib
Automatically copy a certain folder from each of remote machine to a main machine
Using mget to download multiple files from sftp
Shorthand to declare boolean
Unable to type closing angle bracket in Kali Linux
GNOME 3.22 - Disable F1 Help Key
BASH attempting to leave nested statements/loops/functions
OpenSUSE VMware VM not taking space allocated?
Compiling from source is building wrong version
How to replace the last octet of a valid network address with the number 2
cross compile embedded arm
what is the etymology of `loop device`
View list of sudoers with no sudo privileges
Arch Linux in Qemu : Failed to access perfctr msr error
Problem with getting bridge to work when set up with a script
Evenly allocate resources over multiple desinations
Centos installation failled
Passing paths with spaces as arguments
How to programmatically disconnect a ssh user?
Heartbeat not working. Port not opened
error while loading shared libraries: libOpenCL.so.1: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
Assign multiple environment variables to a single variable and expand them on command
Bash part of string without using chars in quotes
Renaming Red Hat Enterprise Linux Network Interfaces
Calling a function and storing the value in a variable
Comparison and brace expansion
sed in-place line deletion on full filesystem?
automatically redirect output to /dev/null
Access iphone storage as device/partition
Gentoo Installation
Can you fake a SOCKS5 proxy?
Monitoring GPU memory I/O
Bash regex capture group
Debugging: OwnCloud horribly slow
Using dd command to download mtd block
Booting problem after trying to dual boot fedora 23 and windows 8.1
Recommended way of repackaging proprietary deb packages, which include old system libraries
How to read the man page for a bash builtin?
Show established samba mounts
wicd - no connection after boot, have to restart manually?
Opensuse 11.4 very slow on 8 GB RAM i5 processor
Check if filename exist from inline command
Automated SSH Login
why there are six getty processes running on my desktop?
What is the purpose of -e in sed command?
Compiling for old versions of Debian
Multipath device name doesn't display correctly
Fedora now tries to connect to wireless at boot?
MySQL table is repeatedly crashing
Calling xrandr via SSH
Creating Cron Task to kill stalled/failed runs in a system
"Only root can mount" error - but I am root
Bash scripting and large files (bug): input with the read builtin from a redirection gives unexpected result
Mount drive from redhat to a windows share with CIFS
How can I unset non standard vim options?
Why change the owner of a symbolic link in linux?
Screen blinks when unauthorized action is attempted
Where do I master the most useful linux commands for programmers?
How to find the IP address of a KVM Virtual Machine, that I can SSH into it?
How can we rename a file with semi-colon as part of the filename?
How to change user with authentication inside shell script
How does load average work with modern CPU's?
How to make a symbolic link to /usr/bin/vim but with start-up parameters?
How to add mimetype bindings?
Multiple SSH private keys, possible?
root account expired
Run sudo as another non-root user and save in this user's home directory
How does the Linux kernel knows which process made a system call?
Difference between chmod vs ACL
Why can't I add this custom Node PATH to /etc/profile.d scripts?
Why is the env directory called before echo?
Compose key not working
See permissions for new files on a given directory
Discover huge page support on POSIX or Linux
Search for word and the next few words
Kill child jobs that are running longer than 20 minutes
rsync - update sync list while rsync is running
Centos: VSFTPD not Starting
Difficulty setting up Mycroft
How do I create random hex digits without spaces?
Count the number of occurrences of a substring in a string
how to find a picture in linux by color
How do I change the sorting method of files used by asterisk (*) in bash?
What happens when I forget to logout in TTY?
Error Whle compiling software. "Unable to find the 'dump_syms'"
splitting the array and send the values to hashset in awk
How do I determine the number of RAM slots in use?
Nano editor - display not updating with PuTTY
How to define and load your own shell function in zsh
Columns of Virtual Desktops in Openbox
how can I rename multiple files by inserting a character?
Linux kernel for Nintendo Wii
Running Debian i386 binary on Debian armel via qemu
how to avoid ssh asking permission?
Store command output in variable when command includes pipes
How to get installed application to be detected by rofi?
After installing debian (to a USB stick) it won't boot
How to output a date/time as "20 minutes ago" or "9 days ago", etc
xargs interface for tar balls
What does "systemctl daemon-reload" do?
What's the difference between pkg, pkg-bin and pkg-git on the AUR?
Samba tools reporting "Unable to initialize messaging context"
Wine(HQ) gfx problems when running games, how to fix'em?
Why is smbtree asking for a password?
Sort by contiguous digits as a single number
Broken Bumblebee on Debian Testing crashes with (EE) unw_get_proc_name failed: no unwind info found [-10]
Sed command to delete lines - variable
Auto-completing bash command options in vim
Where is the error in my bash script? (2)
Setting correct permissions allowing logging
How to Mirror (Sync) Specific Log Entries to a data file?
We can't use TAB key or Left/Right Arow Key in close modal dialog in firefox and vscode on Kubuntu 19.04
can vncviewer forward alt key to server for application switch?
If I save file to my hdd (not ssd), move 2 trash, then cut /paste from trash to usb, will this hold up to forensic analysis designed to recover files?
Getting PID of sibling process in pipeline
Xmodmap releases modifier keys when some keys are pressed with the modifier keys
Echoing from a variable in a specific part of a string
Default configuration iptables, how to avoid to be blocked when flushing tables?
How to detect wemux user who executing the command
Problem using sed back reference
Prevent debian 10 from waking up from suspend when bluetooth headphone turns on
All superblocks corrupt, mismatched start sector on extended and logical partitions
Proliant 360 gen6 Centos7 - HP522 NIC not claimed
File permissions not working
Why is Samba failing to bind to all of my network interfaces by default?
How to install a downloaded .deb file on Anaconda Environment
Multiple chrome instances with one user (remote VM)
Stop systemd-run after a set time
Adding a directory to PATH to run scripts from subdir
Arbitrary "files" in /proc/?
2 command nmap in the same line
Need Improvement on Script Which Continuously Tests Website
RAM bandwidth activity
Mounting Luks partition
trying to get media controls to show up
How to log calls using a wrapper script when there are multiple symlinks to the executable
grub2 + how to print the current index according to grubby --info=ALL
retrieve numbers with 0 for a single int value
How do I log in to debian 8 desktop as a normal user?
Why don't I receive mail although I get a 250 OK response?
Comparing 3 lines and 2 lines in BASH
On the fly compression of read- and writeable folder (like Windows EFS)?
Using 606 file permissions in /etc/cron.d. (root) BAD FILE MODE)
How can I determine if the desktop window is visible in Xfce?
Rotate Display at Startup
Have SystemD spawn N processes?
Login not chdir()ing to correct home directory (AD/realmd/sssd)
Xen + DRBD + Pacemaker on Centos7
Ubuntu virtual machine routing problem
How can I get back into "normal" edit-mode after pressing esc in zsh (vi mode)?
Disk Space Available but shows 100% Full
How to manually boot Arch Linux from preboot emergency shell?
How to enable memory compression on SUSE 11/12?
can't mount on /proc/cmdline
Enabling custom auditd logging in RedHat
Unable to read file I have read permissions on
mkfs taking too long
I'd like to make the ultimate bootable USB with several distributions on it. How?
Unable to change background in mate desktop
Getting hard disk drive serial number at the terminal - not the WWN
How to change the boot kernel of a usb live w/ persistent running Kali
Keyboard layout toggle key combination not working
How is the input from a "read -r" statement stored in the provided variable?
adjtimex usage on Linux server
How can I do disk surface scanning, and fix/reallocate bad sectors in Linux from the command line?
shortcut for copy & paste like mac-os
Dynamic time zone in a running service
Grub 2 does not access /dev/mmcblk0p1, the SD Card
Drive fills up after removal but unable to find the new files that are eating the space
expr and variables
What is happen when virtual package depends/recommeds/suggest without real package depends/recommeds/suggest?
Bubble a's before b's with sed
sed function to replace any config file entry
How to bind Ctrl+arrows/backspace/del to the Readline commands
Can't setup ssh connection with bridge
bash: if / elif / fi gets not evaluated properly
Finding out why Reboot only stops the system
How can I view the stack used by `pushd` and `popd`?
Windows loader not loading after dual booting with Kali Linux
How to disable or fix GTK scrolling indicators?
Specifying X resources for XTerm
System call sent warnings to stderr: error: unsupported option (BSD syntax)
Variables in history?
Ubuntu and Windows 10 dual boot
Select filename with highest version number
configuration file routine:STR_COPY:variable has no value
Why does "bash -x" break this script?
list size of folders and their changed date
How to extract all links from a given url in a decent time
Netstat Listen Queues
Is there any reason to have a shebang pointing at /bin/sh rather than /bin/bash?
tools for coloring command line output of "dict"?
Debuggging `Maximum number of clients reached ... unable to open display ":0"'
OpenVPN to access restriced pages
How to match two lines at once in vim
Issue commands at the same time in several terminals
To run once again mkfs.xfs quickly
Can I design an android app using shell script?
How to direct host's browser to guest VM?
Data written to /dev/pts/x inside SIGINT (Ctrl+C) handler is randomly discarded
Redo rsync to preserve hard links?
emacs dired regexp mark files beginning with
Difference between Current and RC Kernels?
System freezes when viewing HTML5 content
Linux Swap Space
How can I tell whether or not I am in a text area?
Turn MBR disk partition to GPT to install Fedora on it
VirtualBox, Hyper-V and a Linux host
ln -s removes part of a file name, when filename is passed as a variable
Starting Apache Httpd at Boot time with Zero intervention, CentOS and authbind
hardlinks seem to take several hundred bytes just for the link itself (not file data)
rsync creates directories that are excluded
New debian 8 install... cannot get to a terminal without a GUI
make for linux kernel module
"Argument list too long" in for loop
debian jessie: how to automount from tty1?
Eclipse freezes elementaryOs
Run rsync only if target directory exists?
how to fix E: Unmet dependencies in kali linux?
sending email attachment with sendmail command
pass - passing passphrase through commandline
Permission with fonts
When connecting a mouse (Logitech MX Master 2s) via USB, systemd-rfkill is called after a few minutes and disables USB?
How to use updated Deepin DDE on a Ubuntu-based system
Brother printer works for every program except gimp
Segmentation fault output is suppressed when piping stdin into a function. Why?
Linux audio loopback: Multichannel to stereo (for OBS usage)
Using Remmina to connect RDP on Tails
Is a jps process a JVM process?
Renaming multiple paired files, deleting varying barcode character string in middle?
Transaction check error during CUDA installation on CentOS 7
How to enable auto upgrade of kernel-devel package when kernel version is upgraded?
Problem installing MongoDB using apt-get?
why can I see the directory without "read" privilege?
Change the oder/location of yes/no or OK/Cancel on Raspberry Pi
Expect to scp directory does not work when run from post commit
Environment variable to blacklist a shared library?
Kali 1.0 - can't use apt-get or install notepadqq
No sound through headphones despite pavucontrol (debian stretch)
ls & dircolors - differentiate between symlink to directory and symlink to regular file
Why did Unix become open source/free?
CentOS 7 Encrypt a PDF
Different Debian versions from two different commands
log compression using logrotate
How can I wrap variable expansion in quotes?
rename of file extension doesnt work
mkfs.vfat creates multiple MBR signatures
Cinnamon Menu Search shows non-existent .desktop files
Operating system not found (Debian)
How do I find out the window name of fullscreen internet content (eg Flash)?
How (or is it possible) the Linux desktop X-Server from Terminal under an SU otherusername
where is make_request_fn source code in linux kernel
/etc/default/sw vs /etc/sw vs /etc/sw.d/
Error copying file in mounted usb
What is the default encoding for javac in Linux?
when running `udevadm test`: `no db file to read /run/udev/data/+gpio_sw:PA7: No such file or directory`
Go to the directory where the executable command lives
awk to replace columns and print if condition statisfy
bash script to reverse line
Where can I download the /usr/dict/ packages?
Fedora 15: em1 recently dissapeared and hostapd no longer serves internet to wirelessly connected devices
Installing Redmine on openSUSE
Single set of keyboard shortcuts for copy/paste/cut across all X11 applications
Should LVM partitions be used in virtual machine images?
Check which network block devices are in use
Is there a JVM daemon?
Setting up a cronjob as a file
Writing command synopsis in standard man format
Manage papers offline on a linux system
How to make X less sensitive when right clicking?
What distribution for light weight server?
Reinstall Debian
Storing commands in files
setxkbmap for macbook pro (US)
Is there a way to integrate the unix "man pages" into OSX's Dictionary app?
What shells were used on early unix systems?
`free`: output format
Rsyslog log rotation using output channels
What is the max partition supported in linux?
Hamachi for Web Surfing
Using an already established SSH channel
What's wrong with this xargs command?
Can I use FAT partition for /home?
How do I output a count of all files with “tty” in the filename in the Linux directory that holds files on system devices
byobu configuration menu is missing options
Shutter broke my printscreen
Using GUI programs on a local (Linux) machine from a remote (MacOS) machine using x11?
crond: sendmail error while running a python script in crontab
sendmail with html and file content
Start Recursive Script as systemd unit
problem with echo IP address
Sort based on different fields and values
generate html table of content from multiple html files
How to stop the find command after second match?
Difference between `exit;` and `exit $?;`
ansible | remove link | advanced
Write to M25P80 Flash
Display PXE Network Boot Process in VirtualBox Serial Console
How to create a shared folder
Compare strings in a JSON object in a file
How to prevent non-customizable app from overwriting manually changed files?
Select which driver binds to a device
ls'ing through an entire directory tree to produce one pipeable list of files
CentOS: List the installed RPMs by date of installation/update?
Error when using stat, errno=2
Why does /var/log/wtmp becomes so huge? How to inspect wtmp files?
Why am I getting a "Cannot revert to safe mode" error whenever I try to run a game?
Getting information on a machine's hardware in Linux
Can I pipe /dev/video over ssh
Looking for a complete TUI script for configuring date and networking of CentOS 5
Network printer needs to be manually enabled after reboot
How to implement conditional update of deb package
Carry-on Ubuntu Customization
User-local package management system
How do I stop thunar trying auto-mount a partition
Reseting USB for scanner
How to mimic zsh named directories with bash
all media converter
Why is there a * When There is Mention of Unix Throughout the Internet?
Application shortcuts
samba does not work when offline
Monitoring USB traffic
How do I execute a program in gnome and make it use another gtk theme other than the default one?
Regex and piped commands with sed
Can't drag and drop in Qt Creator
regex suggestion
Seagate external hard disk creating problems
Error: invalid arch independent ELF magic, while loading a VirtualBox machine with Ubuntu Tinyos
Sound messed up in Starcraft. What's the deal?
How to run Different congestion control algorithms in FEDORA 17 ..?
Keep two bash history files, one with ignoredups, one with everything
The UEFI & SecureBoot impact, how severe?
How to rebind XON/XOFF keys?
Error writing /home/alessiomtx/.config/tint2/tint2rc: Not a directory
Using grep with symbolic link
File manager multifunction on openbox
Is GREP_OPTIONS= --color=always ignored?
Microsoft LifeCam VX-800 stopped working on Linux Mint
nscd uses 100% cpu
Setting permissions for specific programs to run as guest
ASCII art generator
Start different applications on second, third and fourth monitor
Why is the output of find sorted in Cygwin but not in Solaris?
Are the keyboard layouts in X.org actually called the X.org layouts or what?
What is the correct way of setting up a Squid Proxy in front of wireless router
Is it possible to tell df to use /proc/mounts instead of /etc/mtab?
Unix Date command not working for few servers
vi backspace problem
Jump to the first position of text "<CURSOR>"
doing an rsync across multiple machines
Switching to edit mode in VIM rc?
Grep of many keywords over many files: speeding it up
cgroups: blkio.weight doesn't seem to have the expected effect
avconv/ffmpeg output through /dev/ttyAMA0
Using xdg-open odt files
Linux cache evictions
emacs change point color to current foreground
Linux: no audio sound for one user logged on at same time as other (for other sound is ok)
Multiline regex doesn't work
zsh: How to increase the default number of history entries displayed?
Cannot install Debian packages
Print to file without clear character
mount /dev/sdc1 /media works but fstab fails to mount
All menu & panel applications are missing in Mint 18.3 Cinnamon after adding a launcher
Why are there missing packages from my distro's groupinstall?
Find and replace after a string after a specific character
Xfce4 themes not shown in Debian Buster
How to prevent my terminal from printing last command?
Create path unit file for 2 events
while loop factorial only works up to 20?
change format of uniq -c command
end curl command?
Child process killing itself but becoming zombie
Why do Unix-like OS incremental & consolidating backup systems focus so much on filesystem backup as opposed to device backup?
Why is sudo's version worth protection?
Why does XTerm support 63 function keys?
Why is umask changeing
Am I using Nvidia driver on my Optimus laptop?
How do commands like fdisk -l find the sector size?
Joining two space-separated files based on matching values in two different columns
Testing active ssh keys on the local network
Moving .android on Linux
Unable to copy from VIM to clipboard using "+y command
Bash run multiple Python scripts with pre-imported modules
Install new environment (GNOME/General) over existing (Minimal) from USB
Is there a way to know if more than one compositor is running in a session?
How to convert multiline to singleline but preserve paragraphs
backup with tar
i3: change focus_follows_mouse with keybinding
Wildfly 14.01 Standalone wont start at Ubuntu 16.04.5 LTS
Run curl commands in parallel using xargs with inputs from csv
How to use newly mounted volume on linux server?
How to bypass bash functions called `command`, `builtin` and `unset`?
What is the difference between expanding a variable and printing it (as with echo or printf)?
Comparison of two values from two list
gnuplot: Control the size of circles in a scatter chart
Why is the number of ticks inaccurate?
How to grep the two different pattern statements from the same file seperately
Empty file called 'sudo' in home directory
Parallel execution in splitscreen?
sed: insert text after Nth character preceding/following a given string
Getting a range of lines between timestamps from /var/log/messages
start new script if last script is not execute with in minute
Use the same common parameters for all openvpn config files
Use regex to match lines with character repeated exactly n times
Is there a way to disable the delay of less +F?
How to limit the log file size created by a Linux service
Logging data - selecting part of log file
Hardware error during system boot
How do multiuser group/directory permissions work?
Debian Jessie python3 installation fails
How to download files from a Linux Server with SFTP using pemphrase and Key file?
How to enable the Wi-Fi network adapter "Intel AC 3168 " in Ubuntu?
Debian 9.1 won't boot after dist-upgrade
X1 Carbon 5th Generation (Debian 9) touchpad issue
Pipe nohup output to logger w/ different priorities
Hours and Minutes addition in Solaris
make: Nothing to be done for 'build'
Recover a git repo which was overwritten with an older version
Qt4 WindowsStayOnTop on LXSession
What is the use of `!#` in csh, bash, zsh and probably other shells?
System call time measurement
install java 10 using oracle jdk
Upgrade Debian: advisable or necessary?
Compiling Python 2.7.10 Error
SiS 771/671 graphical card: Is there some Unix-like OS distro that works correctly with it?
What is a non-contiguous directory?
can't access rpmfusion.org via HTTPS
How to prevent selected users from using "newgrp" with a password
How can I define time limit to a user's group per session
Create yum repo with multiple keys
Novell Groupwise in Evolution
Weird Wine dependency problems on Xubuntu
A question about OpenOCD
Installing tar.gz file which has no configure, install, and readme file
Why can't I view a folder in the Files navigator, when permissions are 766, owned by me?
An error during boot that I can not see
Modify the graphical parts of the Android OS
Which NVIDIA driver should I use?
Sorting a file with integer in parentheses with no space
Usage of awk to search for string that contains characters
Alias not working with for loop
Convert cURL multi-line output to single, semi-colon-separated line
How to add/remove an element to/from the array in bash?
Failed to load com32 file vesamenu.c32 on centOS installation
S3 head object but signature does not match
libcodec and libcodec2-dev do not exist in Debian 8
How to Create local user in LDAP enabled linux systems
Error installing the rmagick gem in Ruby 1.8.6 rvm - "checking for InitializeMagick() in -lMagick... no"
Find fan speed and cpu temp in Linux
How to kill mysql (Percona Xtradb Cluster) service in Linux?
ssh_dispatch_run_fatal: message authentication code incorrect
Environment variables over ssh block in shell script
Replace line range, defined by variable, with a string
How to install BBB without a (direct) Internet connection?
find out what port an ipaddress is connected on
How to create a directory with '/' in unix?
How to lock non-virtual terminal? Something like "vlock -a""
Remove a connection from server
parsing getopts
Strange error logging in BBB
Does busybox chmod 03755 generate any disk write I/O when directory permissions are already set correct?
Stop all subscripts if test fails
Ed script only works if typed slowly
Iterate over file until every value above threshold is extracted
Redirect stdout of a Windows command line program under wine
Why is this `grep -v` not functioning as expected?
how to know if a reboot will be required
CentOS 6 NUT COmmunicate with UPS
What prevents page migration?
Create custom page for lock
How to get mount information of host inside a docker container
different output for groups and groups USERNAME after adding a username to a group
Why does my job control fail inside a loop?
Is it possible to "add" a second folder to the current folder file contents? symlink?
Facing issue in ssh for USB0 Interface buildroot
linux mint 19 cinnamon cpu temerature goes crazy!
How to resolve SAS macro variable in shell script
OpenJFX not getting installed correctly
How to check if grep recursive returns something?
Installed new Linux on HDD having a second Linux on SSD - possible sharing of root/swap partitions?
Combining two outputs using AWK
Ruby script is not picking up sourced env vars
Match the column heading and print the values of the column using awk
Run command from sudo su
It is possible to define an ansible.cfg file as the main config for only one role?
Systemd timer is lost after reboot?
Ubuntu 16.04 added new user & then renamed it to old existing username, now unable to login GUI
How to change the newline position
Ctrl-alt-del is not working in mate session
Why do some commands not read from their standard input?
sun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbcDriver not found
Debian won't shut down completely
get kernel source code
Remove files and directories even if not empty, except some directories
disable init.d script in systemd
Run terminal commands from within LibreOffice's Basic programming?
apt-get install doesn't install latest version of Owncloud Client
cURL for loop variable
Process management and pkill
How to change /var partition online?
Print all lines which not containing punctuation
creation time attribute on CIFS
Sort the output of find -exec ls
How to interleave the lines of two or more files?
Backup of data from Linux PC
Unable to set partition type correctly using parted
Setting up digital piano and computer with MIDI interface
bash script calling itself with different arguments
iptables rule adviser script
How to enclose a quoted variable in quotes
How do I mcast multiple pcap files simultaneously with guaranteed ordering and controllable speed?
Is it possible to switch the user logged in to desktop environment via the terminal?
Mirror mode openldap perfromance is slow when either mirrored node fails
redirect output for a command that takes in multiple arguments
How can I tell why a process is waiting?
Upload libreoffice impress presentation to youtube?
VirtualBox with a transparent drive
chroot jail that can access the filesystem
Verifying a SSL certificate's fingerprint?
How do I start all shell sessions in a directory other than $HOME?
Ubuntu 14.04 login into desktop by single user mode
Why does tmux fail to "scroll" when entering a command that exceeds one line? (OSX Terminal.app)
how to add curlcpp to the library/include path?
Is there a standard for writing a command synopsis?
Using variables to store terminal color codes for PS1?
Error when tryhing to rebuild an RPM
I can't print blank lines when reading values from a text file using awk in a bash script
SCP Lost Connection
Context of the matching regular expression
How do I assign a separate DNS answer to a port or also to an internal subdomain?
zsh: command not found: services
Replace all occurrences of double quotes except if followed by or preceded by comma using sed command
Understanding multiple network interfaces and routing using OpenWRT
How do I include shortcuts for the gnome setting program and wine apps in dmenu?
Linux mencoder and green frames
Server admin sent me a private key to use. Why?
Filtering the line with the largest value for a given ID
How to clone remote Linux system and make an image file with it locally?
Problem with Apache VirtualHost to run Laravel
Piping into stdin a file that is currently being downloaded
Which companies are allowed to produce and sell Unix products?
Question regarding sed's multiple commands
Optimal file-management strategy for one library spread over three computers
How to use "less -F" without "-X", but still display output if only one page?
Elegant way of diff'ing two variables?
read: illegal option -u
How to use munin ping_ plugin to track packetloss
PostgreSQL: Speed over reliability config
Why does this tc ingress limit command not work? (bandwidth drops off to nothing)
Various shells won't run a binary that exists
How to use grep or sed to extract multiple matches in the same line
display the missing icmp_seq count | ping command
TeamViewer enable / disable / start
IPv6 over TCP or TCP6
Find pattern using grep and then replace with sed
Why does the value of BASH_SUBSHELL not change while the value of SHLVL changes?
How to run bash on CYGWIN
How to terminate a background process?
Block specific application with iptables
How to log Serial data with time stamp?
How does udev get device numbers for the devices it creates?
Intersection of two arrays in BASH
How to include directory tree for back-up using cpio?
Does DM-Crypt partition look like random noise?
How many ways can we install applications in Linux?
ssh ncat keeps ncat process running after disconnect; how do I prevent that?
How can I create a hard to kill process
What are the commands to apply changes made to /etc/ssh/sshd_config?
How can I prevent iptables from counting bytes and packets on empty chains?
Free or non-free, what is the question?
remove particular characters from a variable using bash
make: *** No targets. Stop. error when trying to build Linux Tree Directory
How do I increment an integer in an URL?
How do I pass long-style command line options to a bash script using getopt?
Not able to switch to root user via command line
How to permanently change interface metrics if using DHCP on SLES 12?
systemctl enable tmp.mount
Why does 'rsync' overwrite files in my destination with the same contents?
How to install Devuan/Debian testing/unstable without starting from a stable release?
How to create a folder symlink that has a different name?
Nginx + php7.1-fpm - connection using Firefox returns php file instead of result of its execution
Bash array with folder paths and wildcards
MacOS: Changing screen capture location
Slic3r requires the boost libraries. Please make sure they are installed
Why won't my wifi driver load from the non-free debian install image when selected?
Knowing what directory a process started in
Internal wireless card setup VirtualBox on Mac
Debian sources errors
Huge performance difference of the command find with and without using %M option to show permissions
how to rename output of split command to match the first word in each line?
How to prevent a bash script to close
gpg - gpg-preset-passphrase installation
How to support two different display output configurations for duplicating a monitor in one xorg.conf file?
Escaping spaces in dash
Why can't I chown a pipe?
sed - modified files
Traffic from OpenVZ host to container gets redirected to gateway
How can I make an alias that has an executable's name
Windows 10 guest under libvirt can't use network
NFS mounting issues
how to determine which composite manager is running
Change stdout/stderr output device
Using process substitution, only send stderr to process
SSH via next hop, user has no shell on next hop
Why the line of Active: active (running) just show running or dead when I sytemctl status?
Mac 10.13.4 - `renice` seems to have no effect
Why kernel cannot do the initrd/initramfs job itself?
Add 100 to decimals in Multiple TXT files
x86_64-linux-gnu-ld cannot find -lyaml
Go to line of file where number of lines minus "n"
Fedora 27: Getting error repeatedly "Job for <xxx.service> failed because the control process exited with error code"
Unix - ps to check if script running
Different Linux distros sharing applications
iptables: Logging connections on port 25/TCP
Qubes debian 9 template VM apt update doesn't work
How to use Bash for sh in Ubuntu
using CURL to transmit binary data over POST parameter
Where are xkb options defined?
Email using shell script using email address from external flat file
Use curl to send binary file through POST with content-type multipart/form-data;
Multiple configuration files for Net-SNMP for easier MIBS management
Logging rotation using logrotate and timing
cannot create temp file for here-document: No space left on device
Issues with Word Processors (calligra, libreoffice and wps-office)
Opened GParted while copying files
How to list all windows in Motif Window Manager?
less scrolling issue
GRUB Installation Problems on Arch Linux
Telegram web + chromium creating folders with thumbs on /home/<user>
Terminal problem DWM
Recommendations for packages after trying to run missing command: how does it work?
Defining a keyboard shortcut in Cinnamon on Linux Mint 19.2 not working
Linux Mint 19.2 cinnamon desktop becomes very sluggish if left logged in for 24hrs
Mounting read only snapshots of qcow2 images
display command unable to open x server error
Problems with Wifi driver on ASUS TUF Gaming FX504 | Using Debian 10
yum doesn't list other versions for kernel in repositories
How can I check if I have any missing or upgradable driver on linux? | DEBIAN 10
Confused by output of cat /proc/stat
Whether and how to delete btrfs qgroup
PHP ip request -- repeat every 5 seconds with the date in the output
extract columns from csv to a text file
System crashes when trying to log in
What is the practical difference between locking and deleting a user password?
Probably deleted UEFI partition. My system says "No boot media found". How could I restore my boot?
brew is not found when I sshpass to the server
Evidence file.pdf - evidence not found
why linux bridge learns source mac from lldp packets
I am trying to get a value the i just want the last date and time only
Connman network configuration for default interface
Why does `chroot` operation result in error: "bash: /root/.bashrc: Permission denied"?
Allow multiple simultanous connections on one ethernet interface with NetworkManager
Throw/cast mouse pointer with the touchpad
Pick randomly 30% of the files in a folder
How Can I create multiple EC2 instances having different AZs ( for Public us-west-2a, us-west-2b) same for Private ( us-west-2a, us-west-2b)?
Dhcp leases starting point
Changing permissions of folder not working
Create the same subfolders in another folder
Why below code is not able to unblock SIGINT signal
Counting files between two corresponding strings in multiple directories
How can I restore the pam file system-auth?
Redirect the output of a command with variables to an array
How to leverage a user defined variable in a command to create a condition in an if
How to sync from Google Drive
transmission/web iptables vpn netns, access netns web app from LAN
Extracting quoted and labelled data from a given column
fsck valid option is invalid
alias for date-stamping to create a directory(in .bashrc)
find -exec throws error even with ending plus ('+') sign
New Ubuntu install, now reboot startup screen shows ethernet controller for 1 minute
CLICOLOR env variable
How to put a window on more than one desktop, but not all, in kde
What is causing SSH to stop working over wired connection when I plug in a wireless usb card?
Error in simple bash script - mv + awk
Why does postfix use manual section 1 and not 8?
Finding file by name recursively, deleting it and creating a symlink
Seagate 4TB external HD not seen by Linux Mint 18
How to show all files with some filters?
Struggling with sharing protocol
Linux Console prints the letter 'q' randomly
Unable to install VLC in Mint
What is this particular sed command doing?
DNS caching problem
where is my memory in linux?
how to read news using rn command
How do I mount the /dev/sda partition from CentOS-7-x86_64-Minimal-1511.iso?
Is this error "Only Win32 target is supported" coming from wrong cc1plus?
Trying to run Java 8 on ChromeOS but keep running into error message
Is correct to find with "half days" -mtime +2.5 -delete?
Source command for those lines in file which doesn't have equal to(=)
reverse order in a csv
ModemManager flooding console on embedded Debian 8
Why is $0 not -bash in an interactive login shell?
openconnect VPN ceased to work after Fedora upgrade
Create folders from space-delimited filenames and copy files into them
How to setup FUSE for using AppImages on CentOS 7?
Bash script to center fortune/text from stdin/pipe
How to bind (double-)tapping the Shift-Key in tmux?
shell script to ensure Docker Daemon is running - Official docker on OSx
How to delete the filesytem on a RAID device?
Setting Samba Share HDD Space available to Win10
Is multiple ecryptfs encryption possible?
Installing libudev for arm on x64 Ubuntu
Why doesn't /proc/self/fd/0 have a writable bit in serial session before a shell is started?
assign and inspect bash function metadata
No internet on wlan then eth0 set to static
Screen session fails when detaching
BBB: `bbb-conf --check` showing IP addresses as `inet` - ifconfig woes
Is an HTTP redirect considered as a RELATED connection by iptables?
How to split a crypt_LUKS partition in half with LVM?
Launching a program with /sbin/runscript into /etc/init.d without creating a orphaned process
Catching a crash
How to get a GTX 1070 running on Arch Linux?
BIND 9 intermittently slow
Accesing BRMS application reboots the Server
How can I pipe something to less over ssh?
How to determine the space available and taken up in a LVM2 partition?
Decimal to Hexadecimal conversion working in Linux but not in Unix
Does the cp command change file structure?
Self updating application
How do I find the version of JQuery that is installed on a Linux web server?
How to determine which script is being executed by bash?
Convert vertical array data to horizontal array data
Echo input text amount limit?
Using Grep In A For Loop
Show all Breadcrumbs in Nautilus
Change CSV records sequentially
Data Manipulation
stat(FILENAME) in awk
How can I make “ls” show dotfiles first while staying case-insensitive?
How to uninstall Archlinux?
Accessing Console Of Ubuntu 16.04 KVM Guest
How can I automatically fetch dependencies when installing a Debian package?
How to :Autorun scriptshell after user log-in
Outputting date from an array with bash
sed - pattern only on some predefined lines
Block countries based on IP in firewall
Sending a text from script to a screen
python3-pyds9 package missing in Jessie
can't find running process which I started via SSH yesterday
On a OS X machine, how can remove a directory that has name "--crm"?
How do we know a particular command was executed by whom?
Does copying files to live usb damage the installation?
Command to print content before a symbol (last character in a line)
Verify SSLCertificateChainFile using OpenSSL
Using /dev/tcp with proxy
Cronjob runs a script which calls another script
How do I specify the programs that I want to run when the computer boots ? [Arch]
Dual boot installation has no effect (no GRUB), Boot-Repair doesn't help
setting up sftp users only second instances of sshd
Shorthand for ! -z
FreeRADIUS 3 - discard certain accounting types
Change asterisk voicemail settings based on a schedule?
UNIX Epoch Time verification in MATLAB
gdm3 session manager stopped after a Debian Stretch update
Mounted dir disappears after restart
No /dev/mmcblk0 during boot
Bash regular expression pattern matching spaces, within double brackets test, using "~=" operator
Install VLC on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.2
Prefix and suffix strings to each output line from command
Deleting / renaming a network hardware port in OS X / Darwin
What's the equivalent wildcard operator in Zsh to Bash's *
dump with old 43BSD,question about tape size
HP-UX: How to know if password was ever established?
cannot read key "net.ipv6.conf.all.stable_secret" in sysctl?
Extract substring with character instead of position
Awk split and conditional printing
debian installation - connect to home router for internet connection
chrome remote desktop gives "Failed to start host service" error
Variable assignments affect present running shell
How to make `trap` know if the EXIT is after successful program finish or because of premature as an error or something
GNU Parallel facing silent exit and invalid option error
Displaying file with grep
Failed to synchronize cache for repo
How can I use a for loop to run a command over several files with unique output files?
Using `setxkbmap` to swap esc, but not working consistently
auto enter password for `passwd <new user>` from script?
Is there any way to launch gui application without gui?
How to get single character after space?
Why does tar appear to skip file contents when output file is /dev/null?
How do we pronounce a linux path eg. "/sys/kernel/debug/"?
How do I automatically answer y in bash script?
Best way to filter/limit ARP packets on embedded Linux
Supervising process [xxx] which is not our child. We'll most likely not notice when it exits
boot-repair: An error occured during repair
Linux and TeX's Biber
Cannot get loadkeys to change key mappings
How large are the "watermark" memory reservations on my system?
Creating directory tree based on file name
Transfer localhost:8081 to my Webserver via FTP
Antergos, trouble creating persistnt USB
How to xrandr 4k with Intel 3000 HD Sandybridge?
Windows 10 and linux mint on one ssd disk, how to restore windows partition without losing linux?
No framebuffer device: how to enable it?
How to capture the address an application contacts?
Proper management of ld.so.conf and shared libraries
Setting up a mail server to simply be able to see emails sent
dircolors "missing second token"
How can I list all files in a Linux directory that holds basic commands and shells used by root and other users using a full path?
Local area network without using the IP protocol in Linux
Extracting a file attachment from an email message and saving it to a file?
How can I update to a newer version of Git using apt-get?
Python set up on mac
How to show full names on desktop in XFCE?
How to disable clicking in Seagate ST3000DM001?
Port Mirroring in Fedora?
What happened to my ext3 partition
How can I populate a file with random data?
Find files with same name but different content?
Diff several files, true if all not equal
How to measure an operation's duration in terminal, not in code
Why does awk do full buffering when reading from a pipe
Is the process of backing-up a database and sending the generated CSV to a remote server easier on Windows or Linux?
/run in Debian Squeeze
Running VLC from a cronjob: How to get a DBUS connection?
Problems with CMake in CentOS 6
How to make titlebars in XFCE bigger?
How to get milliseconds since Unix epoch?
How to disable portage LICENSE checks
Are threads which are executing blocking system calls awoken by interrupts?
Listing and specifying packages in debootstrap
Fedora Core yum update keeps hanging
How to send a message in Minecraft before rebooting the server?
disable console-kit logging
Playing MP3 in Firefox on Debian
Multiple named processes for bind9 in Debian
Is it safe to take the drive image of the current working drive?
Optimize hostapd for highest range
How to force email into queue?
how to filteri by asterisk or similar expression by rsync in zsh
Document save instead of autorecovery save
FFmpeg doesn't recognize my audio sources
Canon MF4550d refuses to print from Linux server
Does "rpm --test" verifies the dependencies too?
How to type several file names with fewer key strokes
A layman's explanation for "Everything is a file" — what differs from Windows?
Dovecot ignores settings for mailboxes
How can I keep user acccounts consistent accross multiple machines?
Test -n gives unexpected result
ssmtp package missing in debian jessie - alternatives?
How to not install GRUB when installing Elementary OS Luna?
forward outgoing traffic port using iptables
Reduce cache size of flash storage devices
trickle (bandwidth shaper) with dropbox causes 100% CPU
GCC (toolchain) for Ralink SoC - ELF not found and syntax error
Redirecting output depending on grep regex
How to manage error_log and access_log of apache?
How to use a dongle as HotSpot on Linux?
How to activate t1lib?
Copy/paste across vim without X
Can't remove ImageMagick using yum remove
How to install (and validate) windows network drivers in linux (mint)
replace the empty fields from the output of "grep" with a string
Change Runlevel In CentOS 7 with SystemD
Will chmod 700 my server top directory make me any safer?
SCP between two different servers with two different ports
Shell script to convert PDF to images and save in sub-folder
How do I edit grub.cfg to always dump me at the grub prompt?
adobe premiere elements 12
Trying to understand how Device Drivers work
Way to have a TCP/UDP echo on range of ports
Routing packets between IPv4 and IPv6 networks on different Interfaces
Bash brace expansion to remove part of filename
Merge multiple files with join
Apps are slow the first time they open or after being idle for a while
:(){:|:&};: How does this BASH fork bomb work in detail?
What's the correct way to pass a variable as an argument to another command?
Egrep first few characters in each line?
Cast strings to Integers and compare
New Ubuntu install, vi getting lots of Sorry, the command is not available
Difference between backup superblocks
I have a command that outputs a directory and I want to cd into that directory
Grepping lines which have range of number
systemd timer - how to get history of when timer triggered
Getting email addresses from a file using grep with Regex not working?
Unable to create tar with xz compression of a directory to another directory
Add additional key pair for authentication
Why is the Linux OOM killer terminating my programs?
How to schedule a command to execute in every 2 hours?
What exactly happens behind a bind mount? (Linux 4.x)
First argument passed to wrapper script is ignored
Program stops for some reason, while executed via init.d, but not in nohup call
Zsh: consistent history between machines
I want to check the output of multiple files by typing a single command
how to open running yum command if the terminal is closed mistakenly
systemd-resolved block a domain name
Reading MLDv2 queries using an IPv6 socket
Adding Numerical Suffixes to Tag-Names to Distinguish XML Elements
switching to ramdisk root
Strange environment variable !::=::\ in Cygwin
File exists error while restarting network interface (Debian)
Is /etc/sysconfig/static-routes a deprecated method for adding persistent routes?
Linux interface RX Packet Dropped with LACP and not doing loadbalacing
Unix awk decimal export in pipe
How does JetBrains PyCarm IDE put files into directories outside of ~/ despite being run without sudo?
What are the keys accepted by openSSH?
Difference between less violent kill signal -HUP (1) -INT (2) and -TERM (15)
How to make grep return value without comma
Memory Leak trackdown
bash: no job control in this shell
Start proxy on system boot
Linux Kernel module Remote Debugging with GDB + KGDB, Remote 'g' packet reply is too long
How can I manipulate a partition table file without fdisk checking the validity of it?
Writing a bash script on a new box, Escaping Code
Why doesn't my systemd user unit start at boot?
Find value in one column and print corresponding value from other one
Generate two sequences of numbers separated by "|"
dovecot+exim configuration, error while restarting exim
Bash script not working, doesn't change directory
Prune yum of stale installed packages/duplicate gcc packages after manual install
Compress mtdblock with 'tar' before sending it via TFTP
Add Ubuntu Repository to Debian
iftop, outgoing https to Amazon
What do a notify-send notification category, hint and version parameters mean?
Linux offline installation
GNU Screen: can not resume the screen from a broken remote session
How do I prevent applications from starting with their windows maximized?
IPv6, dnsmasq dhcp-range
libmad - gcc: error: unrecognized command line option '-fforce-mem'
How to install a newer version of MySQL workbench than is available in my distro's repos
Using sed to process passwd file
How do I escape a sub-directory name with an ampersand in it?
Set up chroot for LDAP users in RHEL6
How to download pdf files referenced by pages one or two levels inside of the seed
Exit status of an asynchronous process
How to recover grub after Windows installation
Debian Squeeze on HP Pavilion d7 with Sandy Bridge and ATI 6740 - display problems
Can this find command be made more compact?
mark or color empty directories for `ls`
bash script that print cpu usage,diskusage,ram usage
Allow audio from only one application
How to securely automate running commands as root with "sudo su -"?
output in json form
LXC: How can I mount a drive/directory without restarting the container?
selinux, dovecot and sieve
Getting cpu usage same every time.
Make application listen to hosts under a different gateway
How do i move a pieces of data between two words if the data has a % percent symbol at the begining?
rsync and backup and changing timezone
How do I manually modify an inode?
Plesk, Centos server error: Cron <root@...> cd /tmp;curl -s -O http://.../r.png;perl r.png;rm -fr r.png
Wireless not working after update (Network Unclaimed)
SELinux: Can I disable copying of certain files?
Where is the virtual memory stored on hard drive?
NFS server optimization for maximum performance
increasing a logical volume
Partitioning EFI machine with two SSD disks in mirror
Apt-cache search only specified source
Can I name my own LFS distro?
Why isn't custom mkcd command working?
reverse lookup private zone
Finding SERVER_IFACE for dhcprelay in busybox
Centos 7 Mouse integration on Virtual Box not working
Sudo-like utility for ssh, or at least git in particular?
If "fsck -n /PATH" says errors, then it's 100% true that the FS has errors?
Using Wireshark on Linux to observe coupled HTTP-request and HTTP-respond
Check some property for every line of a file
How do I edit configuration variables returned by getconf?
Replacing Evernote with Emacs and markdown - .org file list
Running user script with root permissions
Vim :fold of python code not different to C/C++ code
Read data from a pipe for a certain amount of time (in seconds)
Key letters? Option letters? What are these things?
What does a question mark in a filename matching pattern mean?
User installation emacs 23 on a centos 5 with system-wide installed emacs-21.4-20.el5?
Cleaner way to delete files on Linux which include a datestamp as part of file name
/etc/vfstab in Solaris 11
backup / on ntfs filesystem encrypted
Mystifying command not found at login
BUG: soft lockup - CPU# stuck for x seconds
Setting a default todo list in KOrganizer
How to properly use /usr/xpg4/bin/grep -F
Unable to compile beclock on Arch
Difference between grep pattern ^$ and ^
Dynamic options on whiptail got not printed
How to inline expand glob pattern containing character class?
Unreadable block in multiblock reading on dd / ddrescue: How does it handle it?
Systemd: remove reboot/shutdown messages
No permission to chown /mnt/hdd
What may cause my ssh port forwarding to fail?
Bridge MAC address affect PING?
cannot remove disk/partition name
Why would Fedora start rpc-statd-notify.service but not rpc-statd.service?
Include password when mounting a drive using cifs
filter lines in csv and save to a new csv file
Why cron trying to change to user's home directory and how to avoid this?
SSH connection fails due to permission issues
Cygwin unexpected token `(' with grep
How does sudo decide whether to ask for a password, when given a command which doesn't actually need `sudo`?
Running gcc from prefix folder
How to determine a Linux distro is systemd or sysV init without installing or booting?
How export VAR to another script
Why do du/df and by System Monitor show used space in home differently?
How to make a library linkable with g++ -l argument
Prevent closing of plasma-desktop in Awesome WM
nc both fails and succeeds
Mail character set for norwegian characters
How to mount a filesystem from a given USB bus:device
mongodb "hijacking" port
Prevent focus stealing in Awesome WM, especially from Skype
boot partition is almost full in CentOS
Bash Syntax Colouring
How to fake a filesystem that cannot be mounted by others
Symlink everywhere
Run a Shell script and read the output in a variable and run another script based on output
Linux File Versioning?
How to move the first x files
Graphic glitches with Llano APU in gnome 3 (Arch)
Wiped out Windows partition table
RELATED,ESTABLISHED state in iptables
Bash if script is called from terminal echo stdout to terminal, if from cron do not echo output
Parallel pausing and resuming?
chroot segfault
Using wget, download a website translated by google translate
using regex with find
issues with resolv.conf
Extracting fixed width records with no delimiter from a single line
How can I get ssh working on Mint Olivia?
Disable GNU Indent backup files
Interference between XF86Display (F4) button and Super button in Xfce keyboard settings
pattern match and capturing in unix
Internet through wifi
Echo newline with quotes
Drive cannot be mounted automatically, but manual mount is successful
Resizing partitions for EC2 FreeBSD instance without reboot
How can I debug X11 missing mouse ButtonRelease events that are present in usbmon?
How do I wait for networking before running a script?
Why isn't zsh autocomplete using history behaving consistently from login to login?
Killed process blocks TCP ports
bash: test: no: integer expression expected
Should we call Bash Special parameters, "environment constants"?
Passing a variable with spaces from bash to awk
Connection error using SUSE/Windows with VMware
Encrypting home directory on Raspberry pi with password file on USB
freeBSD: Atom Text Editor
VirtualBox Guest Additions Debian 9
Expose public ports only to the sshed user
Getting information about a process' memory usage from /proc/pid/smaps
How to Suppress messages generated by an application being sent to my terminal window?
Bash: repeat last N commands
firefox launch failed: X11 connection rejected because of wrong authentication
gcc can't link to pthread?
add command to /etc/init.d/rc.local file that's missing
How to print from remote over SSH to local LAN printer?
Preventing ChromeOS from blanking the screen when working on a different tty
How to force Gnome's WM (metacity) to open a program window on a specific monitor?
Change directory with -d in shell script
Launching Gentoo from external hard drive
What log files to include when reporting a bug report for my wlan card?
problems installing lcov on Debian 6
Given Pattern Replacement With Comma
Permanent removal of .repo from /etc/yum.repos.d/?
local users accessing the same folder from rstudio-server
Routing local and gateway
Increase refresh rate in Linux Mint 19.2 on LG Gram laptop
Bonding of two NIC does not work/go up
Applying commands to lists
Is it possible to use && operator in terminal command template loop?
Format columns in output with awk
Duplicate and replace a pattern in a text file
How to install new Linux distro onto existing encrypted partitions?
Best practice for managing access on a shared account?
xsetwacom button press repeat
Disable disk spindown with sdparm?
vi - copy text and pass as argument to escape shell command
Earliest viewer for viewing .json files?
Set terminal TTY line settings while a process is running
grep certain number of words after match
swrast_dri.so is still broken in Ubuntu 14.04?
Installing any version if Linux on Windows surface rt
How does Node.js / the cluster module pass new connections from the master / parent process, to child processes?
routing / NATing 2 VPNs with iptables
grep getting confused by filenames with dashes
Shell command to save list of movies to csv
Is there a fiddler proxy equivalent for Debian?
NetworkManager: Set current connection of device as metered
resize hard disk for live sistem ext4
Logging to a new file for a continues running script
Nvidia drivers installation in Ubuntu
Moving partitions on ubuntu dual installations without affecting boot partition
How to restart service in bash script?
after fedora ugrade: evolution cannot access exchange server anymore
Where to put the escape characters?
How does systemd interpret the return codes of scripts it launches in ExecStartPre and ExecStartPost?
grab from a text file a range using two variables as the beginning and end parameters
GPG encryption with gradual deletion in parallel
How to retain cursor position in previous command?
remote sudo commands not working
e2fsck: bad blocks disapearing!
How to manipulate log file using grep or awk?
Jailbreaking HDTV
Chromium does not honor Fontconfig fallbacks? Can I set it for that? Or manually specify?
Is there any "non live" distribution of Linux that can be run from a USB drive, AND allow access to files from Windows?
Steps to secure your server?
Preventing LyX from getting a SIGHUP and closing when the terminal window is closed
What does this output from xev mean?
How do I attach my LVM RAID's to a new Ubuntu install?
ls outputs multiple columns even if piped to grep with grml's zsh config
Dynamically update completion list in zsh
-d shell script doesn't work
Is it possible to define where the .bash_profile is located on the bash command line?
Trying to install gearman on CentOS, and ./configure cannot find event.h even though libevent is installed
HDD Testing En Masse
is it possible to lock a user into a give directory tree in bash?
Debian dhcpd "No subnet declaration for eth0"
Copying files based on a condition
Permission bits not being enforced on samba share
User's Login date and login time
How can I tell *which* application is asking for access to gnome-keyring/Seahorse?
What does the Broken pipe message mean in an SSH session?
Can not find link to download OpenSolaris source code
Command-line mv exclusion list
Is it possible to break long lines in sshd_config?
How do I minimize disk space usage
How do I connect to a pc through another pc using ssh
How to permanently remove all Mono related package (libs, apps, etc.)
Commandline gstreamer player
Quoting commands
Which BSD to start with?
how to ensure a program is always running but without root access?
bash: recall command by typing some characters of it
Linux for low-end hardware and internet browsing
Databases for embedded Linux?
grep - why do brackets in grep pattern remove the grep process from ps results?
Enable running mono apps by double-clicking on the .exe file
Gconf profiles personalized with environment variables
What's the best way to take a segment out of a text file?
Is my USB 2.0 device running at full speed?
How can I prevent gunzip | ntfsclone to hangup if the zip source is not readable
authentication in linux
Copy remote btrfs incremental snapshot to new drive w/ UUID
yum install overwrite manual installation
Compare two files with awk
Process scheduling and core allocation on big.LITTLE CPUs
Kali video card drivers problem
Installing armhf libboost-python-dev in amd64 cross environ
Configuring Apache virtual hosts in extra file
Suitable permissions for owncloud /data directory using nginx under centos
bash/gnu readline multiline command: move row up/down
Getting script to work when switching to different user
Ubuntu mysql reinstall service status not working
avr-gcc can't find avr/io.h
How to start GUI of Deja Dup in Debian 8.1?
Resize an existing LVM partition and add the space to another LVM partition
Debian's corresponding command for add-apt-repository?
How to link .doc files with LibreOffice Writer
How do I execute a bash command with I/O redirection?
Is it possible to add a process to the job list in bash (e.g. to reverse "disown")?
Need to remove a line in fstab on OpenBSD
Speechmike pro drivers
What things should be kept in mind while assigning static IP addresses to Virtual Machines
How can I print current reads and writes to the filesystem on demand?
How to install `roundcube` without adding back-ports in `Debian`?
Date validation in shell
How to parse a CSV file based with groups made of specific number of rows?
How to copy files from one remote server to another (LFTP)
How to use grep/ack with files in arbitrary encoding?
Debian VPS, no loop devices present, modprobe fails
What is the real-world use of the bg command?
How are loaded SSH keys referenced by name?
Unable to delete file, even as root
Fixing broken packages in a Debian testing distribution
Why does SELinux allow me to read this file?
Buffer overflow attacks
Can the initramfs image use a compression format other than gzip?
Where can I find sources for
Array of string expanded to path?
File sharing with Windows
how to convert ^I character
build script: how to implement a "skip previously completed step"
How do I count the number of occurrences of a word in a text file with the command line?
How can I simulate keyboard shortcuts in a bash alias?
How do I install GCC on a system with no compiler?
Capturing OS/hardware communication / reverse engineering drivers
Default mark for packets using iptables
How to reset Linux root and grub passwords?
Is it possible to use pendrive as key for Linux system
`$XAUTHORITY` appears from 'nowhere' on su+tmux
How do I merge two *.avi files into one
How do I put a hat on 'e' (ê)?
vcenter server on Linux?
How do I get a mapping of Pid to Port?
How do I merge two *.srt files
PlayOnLinux seems to append two slashes in the path of my installed Wine version
whitelist IP Addresses centos 6.10
Script a Github file download using curl where filename AND path are variable
grep STOP regex replacing -A option
When I copy an iso image to a disk without filesystem, how is the size metadata stored?
Symbolic Link Restores Original File
How to reset Antergos KDE bugged icons and font settings?
Change Linux who owns Grub Boot Loader
windows installation error for EFI partition to be NTFS
Replace part of a vdf file
Accidentally created symlink dhcpcd, how to remove it again
Can't connect to Wi-Fi with KivyPie 1.0 on Raspberry Pi - No network detected
Why does gpg fail to fetch key stubs from my smart card?
Copy and rename files to a sequential numbering with subdirectories
how to remove leading space in command line argument
prevent systemd / journald from logging socket-calls
sort a list numerically and alphabetically
Will (Mint) linux wear out a USB drive if using it as boot disk?
How to use asciinema offline?
Multiplex multiple services on same port discriminating by source port
Does nomodeset prevent me to change the screen resolution?
Mounted Drive, Now it won't boot?
Why am I receiving make errors when trying to compile GCC?
Distributed build systems
disable touchpad through xinput
Linux Mint 19.1 GRUB menu not showing?
Looping through all files, skipping some dynamically
Using diff to compare the output of two commands
Bash - How to update what's inside the quotes, but only if it's a number?
DNS + DHCP in home lab
circular dependency between lsb-release and python3 (ubuntu 18.04)
compressing a folder tgz , encode to base64 and send over the fly
Allign file based on field values
extract specific words and its data from html/xml file
the sector means logical sector or physical sector?
How to install TeXLive on Alpine Linux?
How to increase root partition with extra hard disk space?
What is an example use-case of the tmux `remain-on-exit` window option?
How to mention the staring size in sfdisk when using extended partition?
creating a list of files in bash failed
Notify when file read
Change format of syscall event trace output to ftrace
Is it possible to print detailed info for specific field in tshark?
What does x option for sed do actually when exchanging data between hold and pattern buffer?
ps | grep shows bad output in subshell with jobs running in the background
Automated ssh-keygen without passphrase, how?
Keeping disk caches when hibernating
Colored output in less when tailing a logfile
Change colors for the Pantheon terminal emulator
Why is dd running forever on a 8 GB drive
Apache authentication mutiple domain but same subdirectory
What are the disadvantages of uClibc?
More Information Regarding Upload Restriction in Squid Server
Dual boot Solaris and Linux
Why ssh-agent group ownership is not root
How can I use rename to recursively rename everyting to uppercase
Is it posssible to save text in nano with one keypress
Automatically reboot, if no wifi connection for a certain time
How to enable and use code folding in Vim?
How can I shred a git repository, reasonably fast?
Extracting a string from fdisk command
bash does not autocomplete my command when using sudo?
mdadm - exclude drive from monitor
change date format and store in variable using awk
What is the relationship between GNU and GNOME?
Sum in block with AWK (restart the sum when the pattern changes)
Is there something like log4j for bash?
Running Custom commands in a Terminal Application
How can I quickly return back to the last working directory?
Is SAMBA routable?
Is this command safe to run from / as root
Batch rename image files by age plus add date and variable to filename
How do I properly allow user jenkins to write to a specific directory under user minecraft home directory?
Un-mount active partition
Why can't anonymous users delete files via ftp?
Store all dates in a given date range into a variable
Using bzgrep recursively
How can I talk with my acquaintance on Linux Cinnamon
DNS lookups sometimes take 5 seconds
Is there a way to make this one-liner faster?
Create map network_iface_name <--> IPv4 address
Is it possible to put arithmetic expressions in a crontab?
Computing pair-wise time differences between matching records in a data table
Cannot Save ~/.bash_profile file
Why is variable substitution called variable substitution if we retrieve the value?
How do I hide a user that is logged into the server, from other users
how to get multiple command output as variable in awk
What are the differences between Ubuntu 16.04 and 18.04 for a headless VM?
Using C++ in the GNU/Linux world
Integrated webcam consuming power even when unloaded
Xmonad how to take screenshots
How to run Minecraft on Debian 10 buster via Flatpak
Aliases created in terminal not showing up in tmux. Why?
What are Xorg DISPLAY numbers?
CUPs printer appears in printer list, but does not appear in admin printer list
Where is actually documented, that "\e" stands for the Alt key in .inputrc
How to exit from an external program with a bash script?
Run if/else executable from terminal single input
Mount USB Storage recognised by "usb-devices" but not by "lsblk"
Copying the lastest file from local to hdfs as per MONYY mentioned in the file name
Is there a cheat tool for speed hacking games that run under WINE?
Loop to run a program using multiple files from different directories
start-stop-daemon - strange behaviour
Rsync combined with FIND and mtime
Autossh fails on startup
Cant communicate between 2 linux server
rpmbuild, then install the rpm, then upgrade from repositories
Multiple lines multiple string to one line
How do I remove a GRUB?
ssh connection refused after reboot
I do not boot from my ssd. Is it safe to comment out /boot/efi line in file /etc/fstab?
Change name of all PNG files in directory recursively
Can't save / load iptables rules on Arch Linux via rc.d
mount -t cifs: "Operation not supported", but can connect via smbclient
Backtrack mp3 problem
Horizontal Scrolling in Terminal
How to create a debian 3.x kernel rootfs on a 2.x host
Can one disable tap-to-click in X server configuration, without synclient?
crazy layout with GNOME 3 in Mint 14
Ubuntu crontab php not working
Why doesn't grep ignore binary files by default?
Routing for multiple uplinks/providers
Can a Linux command have capital letter(s)?
Use eth interface to connect to a router and wlan for the internet
Is it possible to access a remote computer on a different network using Remmina and Vino and how?
Can groff create a ps file with interpreted ANSI escape characters?
Hardware and software inventorying
How to run "find -exec <script> {}\;
Treatment of backslashes across shells
How to add an item to the Applications menu?
Deciphering sed commands
Communication to device is lost when network starts on boot up?
XFCE4 Open PanelMenu via shortcut
Linux cryptography with hidden hardware-stored key
Can a GTK applet widget be instantiated through dbus?
LDAP authentication broken with upgrade to CentOS 6.4 (sssd)
Transferring Files SSH SCP Error Message: 'Stdin: is not a tty'
Network in LXC not forwading through a bridge
To what extent does LXC manage configuring the network interface in a container?
Start rsyslog as unprivileged user
Adding Arch Linux's repository to Manjaro
How to password-less log on via ssh alias
Best way to encrypt my system on an ssd
How is the kernel loaded?
Reading multine text inside a bash script
How to lower mouse acceleration if it is allready at lowest setting in gnome3 config
Which parts of an ELF executable get loaded into memory, and where?
Script to remove spaces and lowercase in file names
Force Debian kernel version
unexpected token `<' when calling from parent file
recover data from former RAID 1 drive
Where does cron log by default?
Unix text processing
How to disable stopping a bash script from executing after calling some command?
Connection activation failed: No suitable device found for this connection
I can't send email via my own Postfix anymore due to enforced restrictions that I made
replace url with sed
Printing the screen (text-mode) to paper without drivers?
Unable to create user namespace in RHEL
Sed command writes the expression in outer ifmodule
Changing font family for characters of a certain language/script using fontconfig?
Does rsync completely overwrite files with different timestamps?
wget a zip file from GitHub, OpenSSL error
launch reverse tunnel with autossh on bootup in Ubuntu
Ranger will not preview images or text
launch reverse tunnel on init with autossh in the background
Multiple problems with alsamixer after opening up laptop (no problems in other OSs)
Changing the keyboard layout/mapping on both the console (tty) and X in an X/console agnostic way?
cat is stuck on a specific file
Top showing virtual memory usage of hundreds of gigabytes
python-pip : ImportError: cannot import name main
How can I use grep in a loop and add new line of text each time to the same file?
How to customize keybindings on ST i.e. simple/suckless terminal?
Redhat or linux basics?
Debian dummy output alsa hooks failed
Running a Test with expression in a string
Cannot override systemd timer with specific time
How to route between two bridge interfaces?
How to change compositor getting in parrot os
How to extend root partition by shrinking home
Subdomain - How to point 2 subdomains to the same folder - ubuntu
Need desktop environment for kiosk like profile that can only run certain programs
Which sources make up the dotnet-sdk-2.0.2 package?
E: unable to locate package libopenmpi-dbg
sh: 1: program not found
Need to Install different versions of teamviewer on same linux ubunto distro
How to generate the `Release` file on a local package repository?
Shell Script: Copy first file from multiple folders into one single folder
Windows overrode a LVM pv metadata
Sync files with permissions from linux to windows?
Install chroot in a user-defined directory
How to open RAR file with Xarchiver?
How to enable unix file permissions on samba share with smb 2.0+
How to delete an IP route?
Ansible fails after changing ansible_python_interpreter
Possible to mount to "/mnt/" instead of "/run/media/$USER/" on Linux?
Xkb to replace § in the Slovak keyboard layout to ď/Ď
Object {path} is not a mountable filesystem
Problem in mouse configuration
mysql restoration process takes longer time
How do I know from a BeagleBone Black if it is connected via USB (as a client/slave)?
Install rcp on RHEL
RHEL6 Can't make my script run on shutdown and reboot
Using xargs with git
what does $* mean in shell
Shell Script - how to scp into remote server and download files and protect password
How to burn an iso while downloading it
Mounting NTFS Drives in Linux Mint
Matching several patterns on one line
what does the -z flag mean here
How could I retain special character without replacing it with underscore?
What does typing a single apostrophe do in terminal?
Logstash agent does not send logs to Redis server
tmux hightlight colour setting
How to escape special characters in a string?
chdir(<directory>) doesn't change directory after exiting to shell
Install gcc into x86_64-linux-gnu
vdsm service won't start
Why does hitting "Ctrl minus" in the command line shrink the font size?
How is 32bit Linux virtual memory structured in relation to PCIe Base Address Registers
How to set default tabs only for cat?
How to rebuild glibc on Arch Linux?
Save password for Windows Samba server for printing in Gnome?
How to access windows file server from linux
Port multiplexer sslh: why is it so resource-intensive?
How to monitor outgoing http requests per user?
`/proc/$PID/cwd` : is there a POSIX equivalent?
Understanding Mixing of sounds in ALSA
how to get exit status from command in expect script
varnish start failed + nginx
Priority for "always on top" X windows
Source of biggest machine-code optimization
Does the Linux Mint installer include an option to replace/upgrade ONLY Linux Mint on a dual boot system?
How to update 'command cache' after change of soft links?
How to insert lines with numbers from X to Y into another file after line Z?
How can I make udisks-glue run at startup and mount drives as particular user?
How can I administer a server if USB disabled?
Can't install graphics driver on Wheezy - Using Inspiron 3537
Have xargs use alias instead of binary
Why does setting 'Master' work differently than setting 'PCM'
How to monitor microphone volume level?
ld cannot find -lGL on CentOS 7
How do I create a systemd unit file to set the volume at boot?
OpenSSH - automatic server private and public keys creation
Is it possible to do android development effectively on vim?
How linux-compatible is the Sager NP7950 laptop? (lspci -v?)
mdadm mounting array no such file or directory error
Adding data=writeback to a ext4 fstab entry, results in read-only filesystem
The process substitution output is out of the order
VSFTPD "Connection Refused" after changing listen_port
header not found even though `PKG_CONFIG_PATH` is set correctly
Bash Script: user input (read) is not working properly
Run a script at each startup of my EC2 instance
Set removable media (USB drive) permissions to a specific group
Debian - after install folder structure in /home/user differs across PCs
Installed Anaconda -> strange behavior with DNF
Can I use a helper function from a ZSH completion file in another
/dev/random entropy on readonly file system
Removing the swap partition from a LUKS encrypted SSDD
Systemd: Start lots of services one after the other without specific depencies
Disable built in display when external is provided in Gnome
ALSA and pygame.midi.init() function problem on Debian
Error 'Invalid desktop entry file:' when using web browser in LXDE
why does my gamepad work via bluetooth but not via usb
Rename XML elements to a sequence
RHEL 7.0 can't connect to internet
xmodmap -e 'remove mod2 = Num_Lock' NumLock not working with Citrix Session
failed to stuff "ctrl-a H" to a screen session
ifconfig -a in a shell script
DisplayPort and Intel HD cause GPU hangs
multiple ffmpeg library paths, how can exclude older ffmpeg installations?
Why writing to /dev/random does not make parallel reading from /dev/random faster?
On Arch Linux Partitioning
Removing a specific line from a file
Removing blank spaces and tabs from line without messing with line endings
Eclipse crash with Fedora 19
Windows 7 not working correctly after partition resize
How do I re-map the changing pane keys in tmux?
dot command in Vim, last change?
How to enable "Predictable Network Interface Names"?
Control + L not clearing screen
Connecting to Verizon Mifi (wirelss hotspot) breaks everything
Multiple virtual interfaces all bridged to eth0
SSHD Password Feedback (Show Asterisks for Characters)
Can't get SSH working anymore on Debian after upgrade
How can I extract a specific string from a file?
What Is The Difference Between A Recursive Dependency Check And A Reverse Dependency Check?
How do I change the color of the pane dividing lines in tmux?
Quantify unix responsiveness
Program for decrypt linux shadow file
How to display duplicates between 2 repositories
Linux Distro specifically for benchmarking?
How to disable system beep for non-privileged user
NFSv3 with Kerberos "unmatched host" error
closing unused gnome terminals
What would cause ps to report uid instead of username?
Why is my hostname different in Emacs?
Mounting a partition into a 'sandbox'
Auto login for Ubuntu (or other Linux) without GUI?
Favorite partitioning and mounting tricks
What RPMs do I need for timeconfig?
Getting Ubuntu working with eSATA (Intel H57 chipset)
How to install Linux on a Lenovo ThinkPad T400
Can't map XF86AudioRaiseVolume key in QJoyPad
How to remove "You have mail" welcome message
Is there a basic tutorial for grep, awk and sed?
how to view a directory's permission
How to rip scratched audio cds?
Resume transfer of a single file by rsync
Names for ATA and SATA disks in Linux
How can the dynamic linker/loader itself be dynamically linked as reported by `file`?
Read output from screen
Weird issue with Firefox toolbar
How to generate memory dump from outside a running container
Exclude chrome/firefox from top command output
What are the alternatives for checking open ports, besides telnet?
What are the crafted mplayer malicious filenames or protocols we should aware of?
How to convert root filesystem to virtual disk format (img, vmdk or vdi)?
atop shows queue depth is higher than maximum
a shell script to list files with date-1
How to install Vscode on Raspberry Pi Desktop (Live USB)
Remove inactive SSH process (on server) after connection dropped (on client)
using variables inside the curl command not working in bash script
How to fix Yum install dependency Conflicts?
Virtualbox unable to install
Bash prompt wrap broken when path has unicode (Greek) characters
Terminating a session using loginctl
is there a limit in -ctime for a find?
How do I pass commands to an external command, from bash?
Link a bash script to the sshd connection that started it, so that we are able to kill it and run another command
lolcat + motd = no colours
How do I mount an overlay with dmsetup?
Connect to KVM instance using virsh when image launched through Eucalyptus?
Why is there a mismatch between size reported by LVM and the size reported by df -h?
Command line join of password protected wireless networks in Ubuntu, Arch Linux, or other distros?
filesystem for archiving
Substitute part of text file using bash script
Linux as virtualisation host and client performance under Core i7?
Recompile Kernel to Change Stack Size
Using different versions of Python
Which run dialog
Installing Ubuntu, how do I get it to recognize the Crucial RealSSD C300?
How to install OpenBSD/vax 4.7 on multiple disks?
tunneling VNC/rdesktop over ssh
Will enabling Hyper-Threading create two virtual half-speed processors?
What is "System Memory " displayed in nmon in AIX?
Can I convert an ext3 partition into ext4 without formatting?
What are other ways to share a tmux session between two users?
Sync a local directory with a remote directory in Linux
Small inexpensive *nix box?
Primary vs Logical partition
who loaded my kernel modules?
Get a list of the functions in a shared library?
How to work around "Release file expired" problem on a local mirror
Debian: Which firewall?
How do I set up dual monitor wallpaper (Ubuntu/NVIDIA)?
How to copy a file that is still being written over ssh?
Sharing an X server (session) across computers
Problems with RPM (JRE)
How to split and edit patches?
Execute Nohup command with input
Where do X error messages go?
How can I move files and view the progress (e.g. with a progress bar)?
Being kicked out upon logging in using ssh
how to pass the result of `find` as a list of files?
Windows 7 Dual Boot + Virtualization under Ubuntu 10.04?
set up email addresses that aren't attached to a user
how to queue a command to run after another command finishes?
Step by step guide to setup display resolutions in xorg
Evolution and Exchange Server 2007 without MAPI
Ubuntu won't Hibernate
Bash autocomplete in ssh session
What libraries are there for reading/editing ID3s of mp3?
Change main partition size to install another distribution
Get list of required libraries when installing something from source
Any good LVM tutorial?
Yum: failing to downgrade / undo changes
Restore original string.h after accidental overwrite
Bashrc for Virtual Terminal
BadAccess on X_GrabKeys when using xbindkeys
VirtualBox: do not preserve attached device changes when snapshotting (how?)
Can I try to induce a freeze in my computer to isolate what is causing freezing?
Setting bash flags in subshells - does it affect parent shell?
What is the fedora equivalent of libusb-1.0, libc6:i386, and lib32ncurses5?
Get a boolean from test expression
Block HTTP traffic on solaris 11 IP Filter firewall
colorize hostname in command line prompt
How to create a default lvm pool on lxd v3
script appears to run with no progress
setting up static ip
Can bash run a command when I hit enter on an empty line?
How should one invoke docker to take care of the PID 1 problem with zombie processes?
When does `mkdir -p /path/to/dir` exist with nonzero status?
aptitude display current pkg repo and update pkg repo - default grouping method?
Append stderr and stdout to file
Matching many pattern in file listing command ls?
Read from file descriptor and write to stdout
Meaning IPTables command output for 3g connection
How do I configure Apache to serve https?
uniquely remove unwanted lines in multiple files
removing duplicates from pushd/popd paths
Can't create a file through symbolic link
How do I apply a `.link` setting?
Sendmail issue with AT&T SMS text messages
Installation of programs with two hard drives
How would I make this script more efficient?
How to save an alias of an eval $(other_comand) command
changing source for packages after debian 8 cdrom install
How can I test if a particular alias is defined?
Undo changes made to files in /usr/bin/
How to make self-signed certificate for localhost?
With the Linux "cat" command, how do I show only certain lines by number
Installing large package throwing "no space" error
Extract the second quoted string in a line of output
What is a good way to sort two log files as they are created?
Using a username starting "##" at a bash prompt
How can I set the MAILTO variable for an at job on AIX?
Makefile: installing external Linux kernel module
TP-Link Archer T4u: Unable to go to monitor mode
handling multiple window managers, multiple .xsessionrc files?
how to have a custom zsh auto_cd command
How would I get my terminal to regurgitate the previous output text from past commands? Is this even possible?
I just wanted to find where xdg-mime was looking for associations. What the hell is it _doing_?
How to use a bluetooth speaker?
How to enable additional audit logging?
Set up printer to only use A4
Network traffic monitor "nettop" morphing away from expected results
8G SD card showing 30M
How to receive input from 2 files on an executable
Cannot stop bash to expand star (wildcard character) passed to app from shellscript
How to quickly setup my home directory on a new linux machine?
How do I discard unwanted fail messages from an ssh command?
SSMTP Delivery Error
Entire Harddrive to linux swap
Start command and provide prompt parameter
Get chrome's total memory usage
What are these processes used by the GPU that appear when I run nvidia-smi?
netlink: GNEL_ID_GENERATE definition removed from RHEL7.5 kernel library
Linux screen lock security
How do I figure out why my systemctl service didn't start on CentOS 7?
Why is the status message for avahi-daemon.service permanently "starting up"?
Is there a "low level" way of determining what syscalls a process are calling?
Standard input as a plain-text
Boot-repair Failure: Unable to locate package grub-common:i386
How to write a systemd user service that requires an active session
rpm -ivh file.rpm throws error already installed
Mount Davfs Cannot evaluate path of mount point
setgid bit question
dnsmasq's server option doesn't work for a specific domain
Building sstp-client on Kali Linux from Source: dpkg errors
Outgoing HTTPS proxy using apache
How to install AUQUSH 1200Mbit/s WiFi Adapter[5.8G/867Mbps+2.4G/300Mbps] on KDE Neon?
zlib support for PIL won't work
Backup Ubuntu as an installer
Is there a way to identify which process turns into Zombie process
Where to supply authentication details to the Network Proxy (Central Proxy) on Fedora?
How to interpret an octal or hex dump of a binary file?
Which AIX command's output is this?
Toggle touchpad in HP ProBook 4530s
What are the reasons Slackware still refuses to include PAM?
Installing git "sudo: apt-get: command not found"
change owner of a file and it's parent directories
Finding text between two specific characters or strings
How to make changes to /etc/profile take effect
Why is my /home separate from /?
Can I have conditional statements, based on server, in .htaccess file?
How to write a file at various offsets to a filesystem partition with dd command
Why are directories created with permissions 2070 and files with 060 in a directory with setgid bit?
Is there a shell utility for printing the contents of a plist? Preferably for a jailbroken iOS device?
Can I force notify-send to appear on a different monitor?
passing file as a parameter with sed and loop
Make rows into column with awk or sed
Add consecutive numbers succintly and elegantly to index lines
Path is there, but cannot call one program without specifying path
What is the best way to learn SELinux?
How different is Elvis from Vim?
Is there a way to download pure Unix?
Rename a lot of files with all types of characters, with POSIX portability
What's the difference between pasting with middle mouse button, and Shift+Ins?
CPU governor settings
How to specify command line options for XAMPP for Mac?
any way to un-disown / re-attach an interactive process to the tty?
Bash script error trying to find directory of script itself: unexpected end of file
Why does awk print on non-null strings and positive numbers
How do I fix the error 403 I am getting with XAMPP while I am using mod_userdir?
How to find which machines are idle on a cluster of many nodes
Querying the current time of a city from terminal
install using YUM without root permissions
How do you bypass or skip the intro message when starting screen?
How to auto-start a service (apache2) with Linux Mint
How can I alias to `!!` (last command)?
"ls -lh" reports total size less than sum of individual sizes
How could running strace be fixing my OpenGL issue?
Connecting various process attributes reported by top, ps, /proc/pid/statm, /proc/pid/status, /proc/pid/smaps
Lightdm won't start automatically on boot
How to find which package provides a file?
Taking away a User's Read/Write/Execute Permission
Limit CPU and memory usage for PHP-FPM and Nginx processes in CentOS
Extra bridge interfaces get added automatically
Can I install some debs from Ubuntu on Debian Squeeze to get nice font rendering?
How to put value of echo pipe netcat commands into variable
Relation between "Block Size"and "Upper Limits" in ext2
How can I reverse the effect of apt-get build-dep <package>?
Command line expression solver?
What is the tmp folder in /var?
Blacked out html folder in root directory
How to identify and remove invisible whitespace characters on gedit?
Download attachments in a URL redirect via Axel
Capacities on Load-balancer & Web Servers? Bandwidth + Performance
what is the difference in ownership order?
Type URL and show HTTP status
Is it safe to accept a new PGP key in pacman on Arch Linux?
How can insmod fail with kernel module is already loaded, even is lsmod does not contain that module?
How to install mysql on Ubuntu 16.04 and then be able to use mysql -u root -p
How to prevent a kernel module video driver to probe a specific graphic card device
High CPU usage when KVM Windows guest plays audio
How do I replace the spectrwm bar with tint2, while maintaining dmenu?
Testing another wifi password while in access point
Sed optimization question
dbus-uuidgen returns /usr/local/lib/libdbus-1.so.3 not found
How to change BSD's file BIRTH time (aka btime)?
USB stick doesn't store data
What is the systemd equivalent of $UPSTART_JOB?
What method does the login shell use to read /etc/profile?
Encrypt & obfuscate filenames
insert text at specific position with grep or vim
How to install package from source on fedora in 2017?
Extract table columns from a create table query
Installing a package (grace) using yum on CentOS
Open a directory in the default file manager and select a file
The authenticity of host '103.35.202.76 (103.32.202.71)' can't be established
Invalid partition table!
Parallelizing sed gives different output
why one bteq script works, but not the other
Error: Package: python-netifaces-0.10.4-1.el7.x86_64 (openstack-ocata) Requires: python(abi) = 2.7 when I install the `packstack`
Does a virtual terminal have a master end?
Broken grub on kali linux partition
Mouse goes off after 2 seconds on linux
Issues with redirecting output of a command to a file
Is SIGQUIT the same as SIGTERM?
GRUB only detects Windows
My Dell Latitude E6530 laptop ignores my 2.4GHz wireless network (but not my 5GHz one!)
Cannot access folders created with rsync
why linux cp command don't consume disk IO?
What is the command line equivalent of kupfer/quicksilver/synapse quick starter?
Different methods to get SHA1 give different results
Printing the number of files having the same name for every file from a directory
QEMU, increase graphics memory
Chromium flash not playing on OpenSuse
How to breakdown 'Shmem' RAM usage in Linux
Xfce panel does't hide when running application in fullscreen mode with dual monitor
How to Allow User Access to a Specific File in a Restricted Directory?
User and host names in the public key on ssh-copy-id
Why does my mapping of <C-PageX> to :bY not work in gvim?
Connect Windows printer to Linux machine via samba
How to create a file even root user can't delete it
timestamp, modification time, and created time of a file
Is it possible to put root in LVM without using initrd?
archive files and directories before transfer
Create thumbnail from video at random time frame
Unable to surf internet with VPN on OpenBSD
Host a server with NGINX using VPN behind a NAT
extract text to csv file from output of reading multiple files into specific rows
hicolor icon error in pgadmin3, but hicolor-icon-theme installed
How can I ignore / remove / exclude autocompletions in zsh?
IPtables - new vs new, established, related
How to Install "remotely" Binary source from another path location
Getting 'Forbidden error' browsing a page in localhost with permission to read, write and execute
Tracking Source IP of Dropped Packets
openSUSE - Remove all packages from a repository
Prevent Chromium/Chrome from displaying URLs under certain directories
using dd command for folder, but deleted items don't seem deleted
security model of Linux password entry
Recommended way to install software to /usr/local -- use sudo or chown?
What are the implications of using an inode_ratio of 16384 in terms of storage use on ext4?
Touchpad absolute coordinates
ecryptfs-recover-private deleted files?
Block all but specified range of ip's input to an specific port
nginx - userdir with user permissions
centos cluster set core/each_program
"incrond dead but subsys locked" what does it mean?
Autostart with AutostartCondition
What are the benefits of using Tmux at all times?
Copy only file details (file name, size, time) from remote machine in unix
Running smsd gnokii on boot
ideal btrfs storage scheme to incorporate external USB HDD as backup media
List files from time X to time Y
rsync with 'files from' in wildcards
BIND/DNSMASQ query hanging on ubuntu server 14.04.1
How to fix sudden Ubuntu 14.04 graphics problem?
Where to download or install cent os 32 bit
Concatenate and pass as parameter, bash
linux/shell command to control screen brightness in android
Can't mount external hdd
Why urxvtc doesn't accetp zsh functions when called with a "-c" argument?
How to influence the assignment of subordinate UIDs/GIDs when creating user accounts?
Warn about password expiration without forcing change
Get password login for opensuse 13.2?
How to install ALX drivers for an AR8171 network adaptor in OMV
Cannot update glibc on CentOS 7
Create disk space on Vagrant/VirtualBox guest
Opensuse 13.2 doesn't hibernate when closing laptop
How can I make text in meld readable?
Analysing nginx error log
Current disk load
Extract lines between and including 2 patterns
How do I cross-compile node.js for ARM architecture? GCC does not report the FP ABI compiled for
Mouse and keyboard not working (extreme lag) after fresh install Linux Mint 17.1
Low(?) entropy available on Arch Linux?
Late authentication
How can I configure Linux to not require sudo for specific commands for specific users?
playing video on ancient computer
/usr/lib/python2.4/site-packages/cElementTree.so: wrong ELF class: ELFCLASS32
file deletion using forfiles
Replacing a partition within a .img with another one
How Do I Replicate Current Grub2 Install?
unison "end of file exception"
cronjob timing - for every 3 months
SMTP traffic being forwarded through SSH even do AllowTcpForwarding is disabled
the sudoer can't restart ssh service on debian8.1
X won't start after Ignoring BGRT
Adding user override to sshd_config causes ssh_exchange_identification error
What is the actual process name when nautilus is copying files?
How to access my local network from anywhere over ssh?
Why am I getting this message from xauth: "timeout in locking authority file /home/<user>/.Xauthority"?
listing directories under / that are not in the same mountpoint
Postfix - Modify header "Message-Id" twice
Listing directories and understanding ls
Last reboot shown few rows at the same time?
How can I remotely access an intranet website from an external network via an SSH tunnel?
What are some methods I can use to create colorful MOTD messages when logging in?
Untagged interface in Linux?
What's the name of the environment(?) variable with current terminal width?
What does this find error mean: "find: stat() error /hgfs: Operation not applicable"?
How can I pass an environment variable to a script?
What does the xpad kernel module provide? (And what would I lose by disabling it?)
Stat substitution command to capture numeric file permission in Solaris 10
How do I find the PID of a particular program?
C Programming on command line
Exim: Log sent/received emails headers
nginx php-fpm index.php doesn't load
How to copy only new files using "scp" command?
Recognise extra keyboard keys: Steelseries Apex
udev rule for assigning known symlinks for identical usb serial devices
Stop laptop keys acting as a numpad with numlock on
Quoting in command substitution
texinfo: Can I write non-english info files? Such as Chinese, and how?
Terminate/skip SysV service during boot
How can I find the text show in the screen when linux boot? That's not the same as dmesg shows
Configuring iptables by software
rsyslog: make %syslogtag% equal length
Using shell script to select static IPv4 configuration according to router address
Connecting to localhost via system IP address
VIM: folding bullet points
convert date format in log
How to delete (not disable/mask) a unit in Systemd?
How do I prevent Xorg from loading one-time?
How do I set the tty that GDM spawns on?
Debian 7.3 can't remove postgresql
Can't access the directory /etc/ppp/peers?
ARM LXC Container template
Ubuntu 12.04 LTS doesn't auto-mount DVD drive
Suspend-to-ram fails on Gentoo with i915
How to copy a file within its original directory, most easily?
Run domain on tomato/dd-wrt
Download a file from a remote machine while SSH'd into it?
Midnight commander: screen list
Recover partitions Mac OS internal hd
Is it neccessary for me to update my kernel? And how?
Is there a way to change w3m's colour theme?
grep for multiple regexes, and count the number of occurences
Server shutdown suddenly
what is the distinction between /media, /mnt and /run/mount?
Building tree diagram
How do I cross-compile Chromium for ARM?
Hard-drive errors
Extract audio from video without conversion in Thunar custom actions
Remotely connect to computer when connection partly fails
Yum claims library is installed but it is not
Automake - problem with installing version automake-1.14.1
nfs mount works for tcp but not over udp
Limit user from viewing files he doesn't own
How to use pulseaudio for network stream with Raspbmc (Kodi)?
Couldn't determine current channel for mon0 (Kali Linux )
/etc/shadow encryption method
usbfs did not claim interface before use
How can I lock myself out of a linux box with iptables?
Can't access VirtualBox share from MediaTomb
closing parent process(terminal) doesn't close a specific child process
GUI terminals(?) reset $SHELL
Grub-install: embedding is not possible in Bios/GPT
Protecting process's envvars from exposure
Unix scripting - for do command with &
/etc/X11/xorg.conf.d missing?
Feed source command with a pipe
adding a console target to GDM
Observing ping replies under DNAT
Crouton with more than one OS
Make mouse side buttons trigger virtual keys
How do I configure medit to display UTF-8?
Convert to WAV using FFMPEG for pipe into LAME?
How can I programmatically access the contents of a Dovecot mailbox in CentOS 7?
From Mysql query output to retrieve files in the file system and rename the files
Installed coreutils on CentOS for sort --human-readable flag but it still doesn't work
Unable to create a configuration directory for [FishShell] Please set the $XDG_CONFIG_HOME variable
Using | pipe character from a $variable makes it treat as just another argument in bash; how to escape it?
bash shell - how to do nested loop without "syntax error: operand expected"
For loop brackets - C like syntax
how to print ps header when using pipe in linux
SSH requires password for first login
"--with-x=yes (default) and X11 headers/libs are not available"
How to encrypt a shell (bash) script?
How to configure systemd-resolved and systemd-networkd to use local DNS server for resolving local domains and remote DNS server for remote domains?
Where did bash environment variable get initialized from?
Set default virtual desktop in KDE
Could not add card - Agent refused operation
awk remove lines with digits at end
how to efficiently encrypt backup via gpg
df -P gives me a combination of Mega and Giga byte
Linux Custom CRDA WiFi regulatory.bin and 40MHz BW 5GHz Channels
Append in shell script
How to burn a bootable USB for Fedora from Ubuntu for use in Virtual Box VM
Chef test shows nginx enabled and running service --status-all doesn't show it at all
sed escaped charcter not matching in large file
Run a shell command in Python
Keep running screensaver even pressing any key
using screen to split the terminal
ssh in for loop and excute command as su
dropbox different in Ubuntu and Fedora
How can I identify who is writing to NFS server and where are these writes coming from?
sh is evaluating bash code from parent shell, and breaking down
How do I make ppp reliable over lossy radio modems using pppd and tcp kernel settings on debian?
Configure bonded 802.3ad network using netplan on Ubuntu 18.04
Specify command with quoted arguments in sudoers?
How to continuously tail a log, find all files (sed), and display (cat) the found files
Transferring entire drive image over to ssd
How can I port forward?
Is $() a subshell?
Script to return serial numbers of network switching equipment
change IPV6 to IPV4 in linux VMWare virtual box
When I log in, it hangs until crng init done
Why is GNU find so fast in comparison with graphical file search utilities?
Why can flock(1) do inter-process lock?
Fill file content with variable received in bash script
How to print the first field which is having the value based on delimeter
the position of parameter of command
Why is my machine not showing anything when booting?
Have some 2TB partition for a directory
How do I change owner/permissions of auto mount on an embedded linaro based linux
Securest way to authenticate users against /etc/shadow using PHP?
How to make a printer which is recognized but not working print