Grub error: file '/grub/i386-pc/normal.mod' not found?
Grep end regex matching
Learning Linux for intermediate user
Human readable system memory reading from CLI?
Perform an action when a wireless keyboard is connected
Access X-window and sound on laptop on another Unix
Sawfish and fvwm bindings not working when logging in with a display manager
scp and compress at the same time, no intermediate save
Where is my Ubuntu One control panel in Linux Mint 14?
Convert table in LaTeX
Control precision of CPU or MEM percentage in top?
DBUS interface to decrypt a LUKS device?
Using a bridge, an LXC container can't ping router, but the host OS can
Tmux: showing sessions on bottom row
exchange two words using sed
Null byte files in duplicity backup
Partitioning. Arch vs Ubuntu manuals
Block Devices & Partitions
Fedora-GRUB in Mint
GPT "Type device filename, or press <Enter> to exit?
How to output only file names (with spaces) in ls -Al?
bash script , echo output in box
Use boot parameter to perform certain actions after boot
Problem starting a service running Debian
Command line convert webp to jpg?
Copy modified files from one server to other
Synchronizing subdirectory with root directory
Must parse ls -Al output and get file or directory name
How to remove JDK 7 and install JDK 8 in Linux Mint?
Where does Debian 8.1 install adduser?
Can I use ps aux, along with -o etime?
Check if Ubuntu is being installed in VirtualBox VM
Is granting unattended-upgrade command to non-sudo users safe?
ubuntu - Why modifications to init.d script are ignored
Operation of "mv" described in "Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment"
tmux select-pane -LDUR command - disable auto-cycling behavior
Customized Bugzilla whinning email format
A puppet configuration style for users
Empty kernel directory but kernel-headers are installed
How to replace faulty device on RAID5
How to install and configure FreeBSD without internet access?
how to store output of a command into array with each value in a double quote
Why compute checksums of downloaded files?
FreeBSD: Can't load libphp5.so or read php files
root access on new chromeos lenovo n21 for python dev
How to download a sub directory on git.gnome.org?
How is $HOME/bin added to my path?
change size of devtmpfs /dev/
Disk format settings for linux bootable
Why does Amazon Linux redirects port 80 to 3000?
static IP address for remote administration of a distant home computer via ssh?
Bash script to select files to zip/unzip
How to transform row to collumn in csv file?
How to cache block devices (for device mapper)?
Upgrading Java on CentOS
Is it possible to display a running timer in a shell script while copying a directory?
Cannot start minecraft server on Ubuntu Snappy with docker
DHCP release and renew over SSH?
How async_port_probe() call works in linux kernel?
alsa sound module snd_aloop
Python imports working for root, but not specific user
Can't exit i3 because no sensible terminal emulator is installed
rsync exclude directory not working, when also scanning for only *.php files
For linux (nixos) xserver using a macbookpro, what can I do to prevent movement of mouse while clicking
Can I make alias for alias in bash?
Significance of md5sum file in debian package source
Redirecting bash loop output to variable specific files
LVM block allocation for snapshots
Can't access website from other networks
Can Google Chrome run on ARM architecture?
How do I install Supervisor on CentOS?
Do all intel gpu's use software rendering (Mesa) only?
need to replace a file contents
Why doesn't FTP work through my ssh tunnel?
Smallest Distro To Compile Code
How to fully manage users and groups with web GUI and create templates for new users?
Flatten the output of a recursive directory listing
Setup keyboard and touchpad to a X230 Thinkpad on Fedora 23
tftp non-intearctive mode not working
apt-get update fails on Linux Mint Qiana
Solving Screenlock Bypass Issue for Expired User Account
Build Deluge on one Pi and then copy it over?
Linux Mint and android x86 grub repair
Configuring keyboard layouts: 3-way switch, 3rd layout when CapsLock is on
Setting time and date without using NTP
Unable to store command output in variable
bash regex to find and save string from file
Postpone unimportant OS updates on Fedora (dnf)
debian jessie 8.2 manually install wpasupplicant and dependencies
compression levels gz and xz
How to see the variables current value of a running matlab process on tmux?
tmux: creating new split window doesn't work
Extract last line of multiline string
What causes runlevel (to lvl 0)
Easy way to boot Windows and more than 1 linux distros?
In POSIX sed, does the period (dot) match a newline in a multiline pattern space?
Add quotation marks & comma to each word in a file
listing all hardware details on Linux
how to get out from the command iostat on unix?
Change gid of a specific group
Wait for ethernet cable plug-in/plug-out event under Linux?
Vim - Cursorline turns on after saving a remote file
List of Recently Modified Files
Error when I want to create a user on FreeBSD
Tmux border split in rxvt
Kernel socket structure and TCP_DIAG
Bash read command and stdin redirection
counting the number of occurences in a file of data list
dynamic display of a running process?
tmux on startup and ssh-agent forwarding issue
Is there anything in unix crontab to determine this should be executed in PST/CST standard time?
What is the difference between a Console, Shell, Terminal, Terminal emulator, Terminal multiplexer, and a Window manager?
Why do I keep destroying my text files?
phpmyadmin 403 error
How to execute one command on all files within a folder
How to check for empty passwords?
New user can't login in Linux Mint
Is it safe to close shell just by clicking "X" or using "ctrl+d"?
missing pieces of certain letters in text in Linux Mint
only one workspace
why does grep -A n give more lines than n?
List files sorted numerically
Sending some input into a process, then resuming input from command line
Sed: replacing digits
How to replace icons in Linux Mint?
Insufficient privileges in NetworkManager with xmonad
Write inside a socket open by another process in Linux
Passing SSH options to git-clone
How do you configure numpad keys using XKB?
How to use Deskjet 2050 J510 scanner on Scientific Linux 6.1?
How to turn off all screensaver/display power saving methods under Scientific Linux 6.1?
Opening a file with space from Ruby
What ~/.config refers to and how to put files there?
Are .bz2 files inside /var/lib/pengine safe to delete?
Chown and the risk of corrupting the backup disk
How do I setup two or more IPv6 address on one NIC in FreeBSD?
logrotate doesn't work for munin after last update on OpenSUSE 11.4
How to write a bash script, that logs onto an other machine to do stuff?
To sync /var or not?
How does a script/program executes in unix?
Character classes: construct my own
Mouse clicks stop working after random time, using Awesome WM + Gnome
Flash drive in OpenBSD: "specified device does not match mounted device"
Installation from USB fails
Install CUDA 6.0 on Debian 7 via package manager
Transparent Proxy
Do files with equal name conflict in unionfs (aufs)?
man command: is there a way to know the meaning of the output of a command >
sed - replace string with file contents
Get only file name from find command and mail
Slow Linux machine
SCP Automation in production environment
What does "spanning files" mean in the help of Manpage?
List overlapping instances of a pattern
Locale not being set on initial login on Raspbian/Debian
Starting a VNC session on a new X display
tr complains of “Illegal byte sequence”
Searching history in Bash forward after backward?
Why do I get a 403 error when visiting /javascript on my website?
dmesg message repeat
annotate "include" file for grep with comments?
Too many levels of symbolic links
Make sense of this strace output
Consistent network interface name ubuntu using pci slot
Possible to view two text files side by side (read only)?
Store newly self-built installation, with old binary-installed installation
Emacs -- terrible font spacing
Boot Mint from USB flash on macmini3,1 (with rEFInd installed)
Why does journalctl say "-- no entries --"?
SCP selectively from directory and subdirectory
disable "stereo mix" or audio loopback in linux mint 17.3
udev keyboard remapping with hwdb NumLock 0
Can't find CONFIG_PCI on menuconfig
script ssh login to server and pass root password
Where is the ntpd package on Ubuntu Wily (15.10)
Mixing repositories for different OpenSUSE versions
Install command if command doesn't exist
What is the best way to unlink hard-linked files?
Using Linux machine to wirelessly connect to printer's browser interface
Bash redirection doesn't work for SQLite command
Awk hangs during math operation on Solaris
Does anyone know a surefire way of installing git on Solaris 9?
rsyslog versus rsyslog.d
Change default qemu VNC port range
Remove a combination of numbers and symbols from a string using the ${VARNAME//pattern/} way
Speed up text processing
Cannot create NFS on a tmpfs drive
Issue using SRS-XB40 bluetooth speaker on Debian Stretch
Where can I get the original Unix?
Array somehow empty in END
Display only the penultimate (second last) row of a text
Aligning the third word with 20 spaces from the beginning of the second word
Backup mdadm configuration does not work
Safely define an environment variable
curl: put file content on header
The value 'stable' is invalid for APT::Default-Release as such a release is not available in the sources
Gnutls error when running wget
CIFS mount at boot doesn't work on Raspberry Pi 3 / Raspbian (buster)
Linux script incorrect execution
Bash script - Add string 123 to file, later in same script if string 123 is present then dont add
Create directory with timestamp of newest files
discard lines containing specific characters
How do I `grep` through .xz compresses files?
how to parse html in multipart attachement mail in mutt mail client?
Counting files over a loop
How to tell if a systemd-run service was killed/died versus exiting normally?
Linux system with no internet connection, dealing with system date
sar + why sar not displayed the real disks under DEV section
Prevent Rsync from changing ownership of the folder of the exclude list
vsftpd include configuration from another file
Get mail address with macro
Gunicorn + flask + nginx + wsgi error 502 Bad Gateway
how to check whether an ipset was hooked up to iptables
vi - finding a pattern in lines and add ";" at the end of those lines
regex: Find first and last name starting with same letter
exporting variables from environment file with spaces in values
Why does changing my home directory in WSL break my PATH but only in the second window in tmux?
How to set the interface name in `kickstart.cfg` file?
How to add the real hostname in the beginning of Linux cli command
sles12 - Why are core dumps not being generated for systemd services?
Music player compatible with git-annex's metadata
Make Nemo handle the desktop in (Mint) Xfce
error-proof saving of the video stream
Quoting directory names in bash prompt
Rearrange Header and Data of different versions of Text file based on a Master File
How to duplicate a line and then comment the 1st occurrence
read works from command line, fails from within a script run via nohup
Strongswan ikev2 "unable to resolve %any, initiate aborted"
comparing column of two input files using awk array
USB booting without amnesia
Testing whether an executable can be run on Linux?
What is the Xfce desktop manager - given it's not Thunar? (What is the Xfce equivalent of nemo-desktop)?
Kerberos ticket successfully received via kvno command but not in a default ccache (KEYRING:session)
When is it safe to disconnect my external HDD?
Command substitution in alias resolved in bash profile?
Unable to upgrade Cinnamon with Linux Mint 13
Autofs home folders from solaris 11
When does "apt-get install" ask me to confirm whether I want to continue or not?
Increase %e precision with /usr/bin/time shell command
Cannot disable network time control (NTP)
Combining two text files
Mysql failed because a configured resource limit was exceede CentOS 7
KDE Neon: How to copy system settings to use them on another computer?
repeat the row n times with a separator in-line
overall HIGH CPU utilization, but top is not showing process which is contributing to that spike
How to extract only XML message from log file having text and XML message both
ebtable rule to disable packet(other than BPDU) flood/forward on bridge device
Specifying a Shebang path in a shell script
CentOS network interfaces are not coming up
XFS, GlusterFS v5.5 and the Year-2038 problem
microcode update fail
Kali Linux (Kernel 4.19) MT7610u failed to load
Debug log for WiFi processing
How to open a port to specific IPs in iptables while using docker?
uci: Parse error (section of different type overwrites prior section with same name) at line 12, byte 23
How to not split words
How to have memory/cpu limits only for forked children and not for the parent process?
External display error/ glitch on Linux mint 19.1
Remove .gitignored folders and `node_modules` and `vendor` folders whilst I rsync them
Regex in IF condition in awk
Customize journald config for a single service
Rsync keep in textfile failed tranfers
Arch/ XFCE - Disable global keyboard grabbing for gcr/ gnome-keyring
can you partition a logical partition
Appache SSL timeout and reqtimeout module
Want to rename a files in folder with folder_1.txt folder_2.txt folder_n.txt name
How can I get a non-blocking network file share between windows and linux PCs
Docker Debian, getting some specific syslog in the docker container log
Unable to find (and uninstall) installed version of CUDA
bash command to create array with the 10 most recent images in a dir?
Disable any number of CPU cores between 1-n (where n is maximum available cores)
Sorting numerically
How do I automatically remap touchpad buttons in RHEL 7?
Sort based on second column and list from highest to lowest
\back slash charectar and . in grep
Network Manager not controlling any connections
Adding / Removing addresses to connections via network manager cli (nmcli)
How can I grep each file in a directory for a keyword and output the keyword and the filename it was found in?
PAM tweaks to enable login with blank password from console on CentOS 7.6.1810
SLES12.2 and wicked - how to run script after an interface is up?
Bash: How to delete characters from line
Sudo rm -rf does not remove a non-empty folder
Resize EBS with LVM
HISTTIMEFORMAT plain doesn't work
Virtual Box, Vagrant, Docker - vmdk ssh damaged?
ssh to the same user but work isolate from each other
Attempt to backup a list of folders that some are git repositories
I've installed Manjaro linux, a derivative of Arch linux, and run into software updates circular dependency problem, suggested workaround?
Kali live USB Boot -Stop Bleeping
How does Chromium browser determine the default keboard layout on Linux?
Debian apt-get update says ''Unable to find expected entry"
Resolution and scaling issues on dual monitor with nvidia (one 4k HiDPI, one VGA with converter)
Ring Group - How to make Asterisk just to save the last attempt
Is it safe to share a KVM virtual disk between active / passive systems
scp/rsync autocomplete works one way but not the other
What is masking a mode?
Disk space on a logical volume
Android kernel compiling error
Is it possible to read a file you only have executable permissions to on Linux through Bash?
File not found when running a simple busybox system
Deepin refuses to use laptop screen without HDMI connected
Does sudo restrict on which users can acquire superuser privileges?
lightdm does not show users which have no shadow password
curl stops working when used in combination with xargs
ZFS magically vanishing available storage space
udf input/output error
genisoimage doubles the size of folder
Looking for missing files in a directory of files via wildcard inputs
How to set timeout for the systemd start job "dev-md125.device" (mdadm)
why does the cron daemon make efforts about recording output when executing a cron job, instead of using redirection inside the job?
sed to redirect data to a file
Where to find driver for AMD/ATI Firepro V3800 card for Debian stretch or buster
How does cron set the environment variables in /etc/cron.d/* and /etc/cron.d/?
X11 with systemd/user: Mouse pointer size inconsistent
Can I create my own command in python?
Ping to any ip does not work on ppp0 from USB 3G modem Huawei using wvdial
Get unknown static IP address
Run script when interface change it's status
TLP and graphics card performance
How to shrink a physical volume?
Are there any pitfalls to having a file-system directly on the hard disk with no partitions?
Is there any ipmitool similar software for Windows?
kernel does not boot because of rcu_sched self-detected stall on CPU
logname / who -u / how to get the pid of the current session
Systemd start laptop even when lid closed
How to grep and cut numbers from a file and sum them
Modify grub to dual boot fedora with windows 10
how to run playbooks in ansible parallel
How install program shodan
same files from different directories
Change where Snapper creates snapshots
U-Boot Falcon Mode ft. RFS
Find out if the connection to Wi-Fi was successful
Bash - Remove line from /etc/fstab - advice
How to list all flatpak apps that use a specific runtime?
How do I get rid of "unknown option" error from tmux?
static build of lshw
Shell Script - Ping and create folder from list of servers
How to get rid of keyring Chrome pop-up when I do not know the original password
Chuwi Lapbook air 14" touchpad recognized but not fully working
Short and long uuids under /dev/disk/by-uuid
Linux 14.04 and BLE communication
Custom modeline calculation -> monitor "artefact"
How can I list information about a thread/LWP by `ps`?
ssh error: connection timed out
How to determine gateway address in a shared connection?
bluetooth headset is paired but not working cinammon 19.1
how to open file from ssh server with client program
I deleted my files with git rm, but i also commited them, how to get them back?
Cannot run/install Linux on AMD based ThinkPad E585
How to copy the contents of all files with a certain name into a new file?
Debian/dpkg handle group id collision
awk or grep? - print keyword and following columns
cinnamon-settings not working
Grep template for extracting lines where second word has only two vowels
sed with = as delimiter
Systemd: stop service before suspend, restart after resume
How do I source a file based on a shell command in .tmux.conf?
How to know how many tabs are open in Vim?
Skip for loop iteration depending on response to inner select
Run script after module is loaded due to device tree
polkit pins CPU for prolonged periods of time
How to list all packages marked as 'group'
eaddrnotavailclient exception in ubuntu
Creating config file with specified parameters
With "reject_sender_login_mismatch" I can no longer send email
Issues with Nvidia drivers
Which filesystem will give me the best performance for both writing and reading small files?
How do I display file modification time (linux) as "Nov 8 12:00" format?
How to set custom property with xprop and open that program in one line?
How to change mount points?
Trying to get script in Linux console to show duplicate file names instead of an error
Critical boot error
Packet meta class applied, but captured VLAN priority is wrong
Almost every CLI music player doesn't work (in an SSH terminal)
Using Bash, is it possible to get a list of files that were never read (or the modification time is the same as read time)?
for loop is pending not to execute
Is it safe to remove all user passwords except root?
How to make xfdesktop refresh thumbnails in XFCE?
Need optimal code for .zshrc to source file after curl
gnome 3.28 disable ready/completed pop-up
Generate gddrescue log file from badblocks list?
How to format a rogue flash drive? (GParted tries to touch file system footer beyond actual capacity, and freezes up indefinitely)
Sound issues after recent 4.18 kernel on Spectre x360
Can not download from an HTTPS site (ssl) with wget?
Switch root filesystem after copy
How to configure dnsmasq to use /etc/hosts instead of "dhcp-host"?
What is the purpose of extrausers?
awk: find common data between two files
Replace the opening ``` of double ``` pairs with ```bash
Script execution to continue even if redirection to a file fails
Lost Physical and logical Volumes
How do I get HexChat to start on i3 login in its own workspace (but not in workspace 1)?
Find physical block device of root filesystem on an encrypted filesystem?
what is rc service (or rc.service)?
Ubuntu recovery says "fsck from util-linux" and exits
How can I zip all files in a directory without compression and using AES256 from a Debian Terminal?
Change sudoers file at build time Yocto Project 2.0
Routing traffic via different interface based on destination
how can i make 'last -n' return just the n lines of users?
Upgrade to local ps command to the latest
What is the difference between a Redhat "Binary DVD" and an "Update Binary DVD"?
geoclue2: how to get location and configure
Fail to scp file from remote to local
Version numbering of Debian package for local custom packages
Backup and restore clonezilla linux image into a new windows based laptop
What is the history behind the name of the xdev option in find?
How to remount /var over ssh
Cannot open TUN/TAP, openVPN issues
Clipboard does not work
Cannot open: http://rdo.Fedorapeople.org/openstack/openstack-grizzly/rdo-release-grizzly-1.noarch.rpm. Skipping
How to save file and corresponding url?
Log the output of ssh shell and preserve the exit status
Running travis script, decypting ssh key, being asked for passphrase and password
'find exec' once with all found names as arguments
openwrt create ovpn files
Kali wireless can't detect available wifi connections
Using Netcat but client refused. why?
openwrt no ssh from wan
What are file descriptors other than 0, 1 and 2
Mapping Kernel-level Threads, User-level Threads to Process/Threads
Need Shell script for Linux
Upgrading OS from terminal
Booting from CD in CentOS
ssh-copy-id doesn't copy to non-default location
Can the vacation e-mail auto-responder cope with Berkeley DB version skew?
Minimalistic terminal music player that can play all my files randomly
Setting up a development environment in Ubuntu
Is it bad practice to set root's shell to something other than the default?
Difference between references of Linux "utilities", "commands" and "programs"
How to disable "Shake password dialog when authentication fails" of Gnome Screensaver?
Why use swap when there is more than enough free space in RAM?
How do I mount an `img` created with /bin/dd of a hard drive?
Finding the sector size of a partition
Getting and setting screen size for Xorg
Can you recommend a GUI text editor for a developer (features needed are inside)?
Recovering accidentally deleted files
Serve files over USB
How can I force codepage/locale (different from my Linux system locale) for non-Unicode Wine applications?
How to redirect output of wget as input to unzip?
What is the smallest possible Linux implementation?
Using bridge utils to connect two computers via Linux
How can I turn off the realtime display of unix command "top"?
How do I read alternate gnome configuration files
Shaping outgoing traffic with iptables
Best way to handle lots of mail on server?
Why are the fonts all screwy for remote X11 apps on one Mac client?
Running a statically linked binary with a different glibc
How does Ubuntu lock my Live USB?
Where and how do I create new system-wide menu items for CentOS/RH 5?
Can I determine the number of sub-directories in a directory using `ls -l`?
Processor use and core use
Opensuse 11.3 with Dell inspiron 1564 wireless
Where are the contents of /proc of the Linux kernel documented?
Install from RPM, then files change. How can I see the differences?
Fedora GUI package installer takes very long (>15min) to start
Develop / Debug C / C++ on Ubuntu?
FreeBSD in USB Flash Drive
Changing SMTP authentication in mutt based on From e-mail address
How to run a script during Gnome log out
The myths about malware in Unix / Linux
Sound card not found anymore
Configuring a package that was downloaded using apt-get
LiveCD web browser distro
Why does sed act differently depending on the output file?
sending & receiving files with windows
vector images in linux
Find and list duplicate directories
List files before a specific date in bash
iptables configuration
What are the variables $remote_fs and $syslog on SysVinit LSB header?
Forcing zpool to use /dev/disk/by-id in Ubuntu Xenial
Awk command to get the next line from the matched pattern and crop the string in between two patterns
Confirm "svn ci" command depending on my current location
GTK3 Widgets Rendered Badly, Depending on Theme
How to print one column to other columns combined path without awk?
Pipe long running process to clipboard on mac
DMP 3300MX-A embedded pc, debian 6.0 squeeze, kernel 3.2, bios watchdog and harwdare reset
Removing file and its sym links
Build and install kernel module into a defined /lib/module/*kernel directory
How to Make MoveToTrash mean Delete Permanently by One-liner?
How to execute Command which is in a variable
What is the best practice between using ${var} or $var?
How to Relink these symlinks after moving the system?
list of wpa_supplicant error messages
Visible portions of windows not redrawn in some applications
Pass filename from find and execute command
Use regex to check if particular directory has folders starting with specific word
centos5 maximum memory setting for all users
Process's father after setpgid(0,0);
Configure bash and/or vim to execute source ~/.bashrc every time I finish editing it
How can I recreate a VT100 environment and connect an Esprit 250C Terminal?
Getting rsync failures randomly
AddDefaultCharset ISO-8859-1 not work
Forced reread of partition table: difference between BLKRRPART and BLKPG ioctl? (Linux)
ls content of a directory ignoring symlinks
Is is possible to automatically sync Firefox bookmark updates with an HTML file?
How to format the output of free/sar/such commands?
Ignore files when building debian package
How to change position of unity launcher in Ubuntu?
mount: / not mounted or bad option
Adding comments using 'set -x'
Why doesn't awk make the sum zero but instead a very small number?
Grep with spaces suddenly doesn't work
CentOS 7 Installation Failed
Can I speed up pasting into vim?
Disable keyboard shortcuts in Thunderbird
Create a manpage addressing several executables
There have `6/` `6.0/`, `6.1/` ... `6.9/` directories in the yum repos, what's the difference between `6.x` with `6/`
What is the meaning of `1:` in the version of a yum package?
get absolute path into a shell script variable
Iptables rules or other way to intentionally delay a packet for 5 seconds before accepting it
use IP tables to redirect some (ip based) traffic
Delete /dev/loopX entry after detaching loop device
How can I influence which Virtual Display (X Server) is shown after boot?
How do I make a usb thumbdrive persistent?
ImageMagick on multiple files
XFS: rm does not terminate, xfs_repair not possible
Hand shaking fails while trying to add PPA repository
nm-applet runs fine from the command line but not at startup
Running a Wine application from other user in openSUSE
How to only output lines that are younger than 3 months?
How do I remove the 'split lines' error in Bluefish?
Debian vs Mint?
Debian 7 black screen after loading OS
Why am I getting git error "remote: error: unable to create temporary file: No such file or directory" on push?
Install PIL/Pillow via pip in Debian testing (Jessie)
Plymouth splash not working and causing VT problems
Suddenly cannot open any terminal on Linux Mint
Resetting password of another Linux
Executing a remote command on SSH connection, before login
Best options for mounting Mac OS X hard drive on my Linux box?
What happens under the hood when some data is sent/received on an uart (or similar)?
What numeric key codes do I need to send for the magic sysrq functionality in a VNC session?
How can I install M4 on Linux, avoiding the dependency loop with Automake and Autoconf?
Zsh completion of hadoop commands
How to switch tty with a script / cronjob
Restart sound indicator in ubuntu
Can't obtain the connected forms of some unicode grapheme clusters with combining diacritical marks
Uniquely identifying a drive (not a partition)
How to give password directly while doing ssh command?
How to rotate tcpdump files?
script to calculate the average
Debian Wheezy youtube video missing on page
Can the empty spaces/background in a terminal be replaced with a random(but pretty) pattern of ASCII characters?
How to search in specific files matching a pattern
how to input this command line
bit rot detection and correction with mdadm
Root access that can't change root password?
LTO tape drive: "/dev/st0: Inappropriate ioctl for device"
The processing order and printing of files with find
How to do svn update without password on crontab
In Cinnamon desktop, running windows are not showing up in the taskbar
What does "ln -t" do
disk partitioning gui RHEL CentOS 7
centos 6 grub legacy (0.97) and uefi, kernel update, something is wrong
Does tmux use /etc/shells to pick the shell it's going to use?
My expr is being printed but not evaluated
Raspberry Pi Jessie Wi-Fi doesn't work with multiple IPs on same network
The python command starts the the wrong version of the python interpreter
zsh: recursive whence
See scp progress from another machine
rsync is failing with confusing error messages
File transfer over mosh
xmodmap Remap Left Mouse to Right Mouse
Unable to acess any files and unable to click on them, everything freezes
How to kill an individual thread under a process in linux?
openSuSE prompt on AWS configuration
Why iptables is loaded and active ,no pid number displayed in `ps aux`?
Dovecot killed with signal 15
what the difference between remount to umount/mount?
Tmux - Arrow keys return raw data/non-escaped caracters ^[[A ^[[B ^[[D ^[[C
dmesg display packet info while journalctl --dmesg show none on my centos?
Computing sandbox with ptrace inspecting
Screen artifacts after the first boot
How disk became suddenly write protected in spite configuration is read/write?
Mint Ethernet connection works for few seconds then stops
NetworkManager-configured dnsmasq failing to forward requests
Do rsync --checksum and diff usually have different outputs or is my hdd broken?
Raid 10 KO on M5110, cannot mount with mdadm
Start Bluetooth gui from terminal
Restrict access to subdirectory in Apache
how to let aufs use more than 127 layers? or an alternative to it
How do I update apache2 to the latest version on Debian jessie?
Why doesn't this .desktop file run on startup?
network interface post-up rule does not always fire
GNOME - How to remove app launchers from the activities menu
Chrony 3.1 refuses to sync with ntp server
e2fsck -n + how to know if need to run e2fsck in order to fix corrupted blocks?
How to stop Intel HD4000 from running at max clock speed?
Regex that matches only dirnames with integers and dots
How is a process group ID set?
replacing values in one with the values in another file
Is it possible to automate tests for a peer to peer network with virtualbox?
How to sort results of Find statement by date?
Can a process have an owner? What does it mean?
Mount nfs hangs client
Repeated "rsyslogd-2007: action 'action 18' suspended"
iptables: No chain/target/match ULOG
What are bash packages?
How to encrypt smb2 traffic?
awk command is not working in find statement
Make GTK3 applications use the GTK2 dialog for font selection?
linux + how to convert VMDK disk to LVM disk
What is the difference between NFTables and BPFilter?
Grep for searching two statements on the beggining and end of file
Use of MODULE_FIRMWARE(filename) macro in Linux modules
How to connect to a CentOS VM over ftp?
Remove duplication from two compressed files
Problem with entire function in a script
Depends: gcc but it is not installable
Setting arguments from a text file does not work
Mailx command in UNIX
Relate data in a file
Bind tmux prefix to section symbol §
What do the fields in /proc/net/ipt_hashlimit/FILE mean?
Official resources about disc management on linux / distributions
Garbage in bash session log file. (using script command)
Cannot login after making a service autorun at startup [Debian]
How can I migrate Linux user account To Active Directory while preserving all user settings
how to copy a column from another file when the ID's matches (multiple files in each folder)
Magic Mouse 2 driver touch scroll
bash script - remove rows and decrement column values
How to get help text on sub-commands?
comm command behaving strangely
Matching the exact string
How do I create a service on CentOS running as a different user than root?
How can we make deployment of personal configuration or startup files easier, with existence of default ones?
HDMI connection not recognized on Laptop with Ubuntu 14.04
Grep lines that contain "1111-11-11" or "2382-21-20". (Any Numbers)
Find file, check size and overwrite when filesize is different
Mosh to a specific remote shell
How do i get installer user-id?
FreeBSD disk decrypt/mount order
Count values in first column where second column occurrences are the same in UNIX
Mosh and terminal multiplexing
How to configure Debian with Thinkpad T440 trackpad/clickpad?
How to fix error "xrandr: Failed to get size of gamma for output default" on Ubuntu 14.04?
How to fix error 'xrandr: cannot find output "VGA1"'?
Determine if a file has been modified
Is there a way to disable mouse scrolling on a combobox in GTK/Gnome and Qt/KDE?
Yum can't download, but curl is fine?
How to avoid that an insertion pattern using sed is applied to the middle of a string?
Skype Call Recorder in Debian 7.1: version `GLIBC_2.14' not found
Tried to mv folder, now having trouble finding folder
Symlink aliasing files in subdirectories without changing current directory
Why is the end-of-line $ anchor not working with the grep command, even though the front-of-line ^ anchor is?
Meanings of defragmentation and when it is needed
Why is my SSH authentication socket different from the man pages?
echo colored text which changes colors dynamically
How to update glibc to 2.14 in CentOS 6.5
Echoing stdin when running an ed(1) script
Problems booting Kali Linux 1.0.9a 64 bit on Macbook Pro
Is app-crypt/gnupg on Portage or overlays?
How to grep netcat output
A small script about wget
Restrict emails to system users in postfix?
wpa_supplicant: connect to WLAN in the background (during boot)
Removing non printable characters from expect logs?
My ~/.Xresources is disabling gtk antialiasing
How do I install swell-foop-3.11.1.tar.gz in Linux Mint Petra?
How to find out which file is currently opened in vim?
getent passwd when nsswitch passwd setting is: files ldap
How do I remove directories that begin with a dot after my server was infected?
Why does `xvfb-run glxgears` fail with an swrast error?
How do you Configure Package Management System (YUM) for MongoDB
How to get rid of "Alarm clock" message in perl timeout?
Reconfiguring GNOME keyring daemon
How to forward one port to another (on the same machine)?
Installing NVIDIA graphics driver for Optimus configuration
Does OpenBSD have a limit to the number of file descriptors?
Where are all the posibilities of storing a log file
Is there a way to embed a GPG public key in a script without adding it to the keyring?
Is a bad NFS mount preventing a clean boot?
Problem with file permissions in shared directory under /srv between OS X and Ubuntu
Reinstall software without re-downloading from software center?
How to Allow Outgoing SMTP on iptables Debian Linux
Libre Coreboot payloads?
What does an exclamation mark at the beginning of a value in KDE configuration files do?
Copying and renaming files to a single directory by a single shell script
How to change SAMBA default port on centos?
retrieve first occurence of integer in text file
Print variable with backslashes in dash
Web requests delayed. DNS issue? IPV6?
install dual OS
Nslookup doesn't show full info on CentOS 7 docker image
copying binary file(.jpg) works from command line but not from script
Add '.0' to single-digit integers
How to display a video when a wrong password is entered
How to change all "x" to "y" but only before (or after) initial "z" on each line?
a script to replace mkdir -p command
Is the exit status of a command implemented by the command or a shell process which executes the command?
What is the most efficient way to check if Node is currently installed?
How to pdfjam by Filename Numbering?
AIX - redirect hostname in other subnet via route
Can I replace a directory with a symlink without write permissions in parent?
Apache .htaccess not blocking external domains
Counting lines of code?
Mounting USB stick in place of HDD
Cannot add group on RHEL desktop
How to check if some recurring text is missing in a text file?
Why does traceroute send three packets?
qemu2.6 under docker
Wrong site appears in Nginx
LFS Kernel Panic on first boot
How to start a service on boot after ldap account is available
Write warning while typing in zsh prompt
How to run a program in background and also using && to execute another command
Why is /lib/modules so huge under my gentoo, compared to Ubuntu
What was the first Unix platform to have the 'yes' command?
zsh vi mode: browse recent commands starting with
use of lockfile in script and it significance
Silent stat to check file existence
Rename all spaces in image file names inside html php files
Sound corruption/echo when trying to use alsa dmix
Tring to install Atom Text Editor on my Arch by using Yaourt
Are there midnight commander plugins?
What are linux long term support kernels?
Still prompted for password after creating authorization keys
I accidentally copied part of /* to /some/directory, how should I fix my mistake?
Mount an hard drive at start-up
Compress spaces in cksum output
Generate random password with special characters on Solaris
How to get the information about the status of data receiving and sending in ethernet?
How to prepend a line to all files in a directory?
How to run a command after apt-get upgrade
emacs fonts from ssh not as good as locally installed
less does not show expected output after sourcing a script in .cshrc
Delete backup files according to rules
What's the most appropriate directory where to place files shared between users?
dircolors on zsh: Unrecognized keywords: MULTIHARDLINK, RESET & CAPABILITY
ssh-agent: don't forward authentication for the whole keyring
Regular expression problem(s) in Bash: [^negate] doesn't seem to work
Merge chunks from multiple files
Can asterisk set-up a three-way call on an analog (classic) line?
Ubuntu software-center problem in Linux Mint
Prevent clashing of development version with system packages
Change window manager in Fedora 18
How do you send command line apps directly to the background?
Deleted user but files keep his group?
openldap supplementary groups not showing up on certain servers
screen flashes when I press ^S in gvim
How to troubleshoot high kernel time (high network usage; high interrupts)
non root ssh keys
Is disk space wasted when an ISO is mounted?
DHCPD ignoring my subnet declaration
What is the fastest way to extract an ISO?
imagemagick display: different text in font preview
Is it possible to have more than just one backup when editing text files?
bash log in windows and run cmd command using .sh script?
Opencats installation error
When update Linux Mint from 15 to 16?
Email Configuration in Cent OS
Format of SMTP headers for scanning inbox email
what's the format spec for `ss -D `?
Why use install rather than cp and mkdir?
Full username in top
Export content of screen daemon to file
WLAN: get info about AP
Searching a pattern in file names with number
Can't connect to WLAN with netctl
Auto restart ssh session after sleep
Does configuring iscsi target and iscsi initiator in two linux nodes and using ethernet cable for communication make it SAN?
Unable to close pages in Firefox after hiding the tab bar
Why am I getting CD requests in Debian APT-GET?
Mass transfer big files from one Linux box to another Linux box?
Backlight media keys work in desktop shell, but do not actually change the backlight
NTP issues on Nagios server
Element comparison between subsequent lines, assigning a value for each null output
How do I properly use GIMP?
How to grep all lines from one file in specific column in multiple other files?
Failed finding GRUB drives of recently installed distros on another drive, edit device.map?
OVH Arch Linux Locale Cannot Set LC_CTYPE & LC_ALL cannot change locale & NextCloud set locale failed
How do I connect to wifi using nmcli on slackware? Re: DHCP client
Debian - Restore a Timezone File
How to image RedHat (or CentOS 7)
No IP4 connectivity over bond; slaves listed as "routable" instead of "enslaved"
VNC server not showing icons in Ubuntu 18.04
How do I set a cmake policy?
extracting security profile specific files RHEL CentOS
appending a text to file using cat >> is not working but echo with tee --append is working
How can I make rm -rf ask for confirmation just once at the directory level?
For loop to refer a file, search for matches on the first column and print the matching rows
Echoing a tail command produces unexpected output?
Distinguishing files on the basis of first column's content
Mint 19.1: No POST screen visible with new graphic card
CentOS 7 : ip addresses in ifconfig and in network-script are different
Wireless adapter is detected, but no options to create a wireless network
exit status from rsync command
Configuring a MacOS-based rpmbuild to deliver platform-independent RPMs
nginx reverse proxy + static files
Issues with installing NetworkManager during Debian installation with preseeding
Apache2 returning "APACHE_RUN_DIR" error on docker container
Command in Linux to perform opposite of egrep?
Create own ovpn file from using certificate and key
Why does Unix ask for password when I try to pull a file with permission 777 using scp?
Linux - Upgrading the BIOS using an EXE
How to prevent non-sudo-installable Conda app from being able to modify itself (and other such apps too)?
How to extract the CSV file name from each line of this file
goto a specific line in awk to start processing
How to access to pc connected through router VPN from outside
List of applications that require atime
FTP LIST command hangs in passive mode
Is there a power manager for text consoles?
Converting windows date logic into Unix
Print EPS file at original size but changed position
How to correctly enable sudo for user in Fedora 20
iconv illegal input sequence- why?
Pass list of folders to zip command
Building HDF5 with GCC 4.7 and OpenMPI
zip command is failing during high memory usage
ssh -X foo@host then su bar then run X app with local display, while bar also logged in?
Can every file really own at least 2 names (and thus 2 hard links)?
Nix error: undefined variable 'goPackages'
Create tunnel on boot via remote connection
mkdir with current date on remote server not working
Building packages: command which yields 'amd64' (like uname)
In openbox, how can I control a window that has no _OB_APP properties?
Linux embedded: boot stopped by "crng init" for LOOOOONG time
Cannot cat .pem file inline as -i option to ssh
How to place an application in the XFce panel?
How to minimize all windows on a particular monitor in XFce?
wget forbidden but can download with firefox
Unable to Get Void Running Without Live USB
What do the device numbers mean in the storage device path? (i.e. 0:0:0:1)
Why can't I run DDLC?
How do I remove static sound from audio loop back?
How enable content-length header using .htaccess?
Is there a good automated way to make a generic block of text square?
Problem with booting a newly LUKS encrypted root partition
xrdp to ubuntu with Gnome
Stale file handle after server reboot
Text editor for Linux that auto-saves even new files
Cannot Install msecli on Linux
su: /bin/bash: No such file or directory in Dragonfly BSD
How to print the result of the awk command with the custom header
Unable to establish pppoe connection
How to install java in NixOS?
how to boot windows 7 installation from pxelinux
Is it possible to blacklist a built-in kernel module?
Using port forwarding to send UDP packets across devices
Install arch linux guide - boot loader instructions
How to troubleshoot a (near total) freeze?
What is "Parameter expansion" (A.K.A "Variable expansion") in shell-scripting in general and in Bash in particular?
Why does GNOME contacts only import a small number of my Google contacts?
login using touchscreen software keyboard on raspberry pi
Hide arguments to program without source code
How to search email with Jämsä for Jämsän in Thunderbird?
Why failing to setup Gmail of 2-step verification phone based in Thunderbird?
Linux Mint 18.2 xfce persistent live usb failing to boot
Why do I sometimes see systemd status messages despite booting with `quiet`?
Debug update-command-not-found on Debian
Recover lost terminal command after session crash
How to drop an argument (from the list of arguments) in a shell script?
Automatically move a script into the background
zsh .zprofile / .zlogin not being sourced on gdm login?
Is there a convention for multi port cuse driver?
how to log the ping action from 111.111.111.111 into /var/log/iptables.log?
Extract the Children of a Specific XML Element Type
Why does the console need sometimes a reset after CTRL+C
Why does Linux based OS creates . file same directory and .. file in it's sub-directory? How does it work?
Can't login system after massive upgrade
mutt mark as read and archive
Executing .jar File on Startup
Getting started with fzf on Arch Linux
Harddrive with 4096 physical sector size reported as 512 behind USB bridge
How do you add “open in terminal” to the right-click mouse menu for folders/directories for caja?
Checking File Sums between 2 directories
How can I set up an IP-Agnostic VPN Kill Switch using ufw
Why is the output on this ping outside the subshell?
SLES 12 - vsftpd with AppArmor in enforce mode, "lftp" error for "ls" command: `ls' at 0 [500 OOPS: setrlimit]
linux - Increase size sda
Kali Linux can't start X with Nvidia driver
How to get the number of rows available (unused) in a terminal?
Monitor Blinks after boot up on Parrot Security OS and not getting started
Match hexadecimal values in a case statement
What is the difference between the /boot partition files and the /boot directory in root?
Bash script: do something one time inside a loop then stop, but continue looping
Auto Download & Untar Script
Where are my inodes going?
Shell append string after last match
How to get index values for multiple matches in the same line in awk?
change last 10 characters of the base (not extension) of multiple files
Estimating time to send a single file with fixed network throughput?
Store specific output to a shell variable
How to know under what filesystem /etc comes?
How to uninstall OpenLDAP in RedHat?
Change timeout of an entry of ipset with iptables rule
How to install many fonts at once on Linux?
Replacing a disk to RAID5 failed
Something wrong with spaces in zenity trying in a script
How to install RabbitVCS on CentOS 7 & nautlius 3?
parallel execution of offlineimap or abuse pythonfile/postsynchook to load second file for account settings
Having problems with make and opencv
Amazon [Ec2 Linux Instance] SSH not working after increasing Open Files / File Descriptors (FD)
choose rescue grub in change root environment
fsck.ext4 can't repair block far behind end of the file system
How can I change the order in which update-desktop-database puts the applications supporting a mimetype?
How to turn on wifi on Dell Inspiron 17R 5737
Problem installing docker on kali linux?
Got a brand new laptop with hardware still unsupported. Should I wait or return it?
How do I adjust the format of GNOME's digital clock to an advanced custom format?
Extracting strings from between special characters
Vim losing ability to copy to client clipoard over SSH
`mail` command - How can I display the email list again?
SSH still asking for password even after I have tried everything (that I know of)
Bash : ambiguous redirect
changing grub boot drive
a good way to "backup" systemd settings?
Kali Dns Problems
problem while using " yum groups "
bash script to bulk resize using Imagemagick
sed to match zero or more number of spaces in a string
How to log Internet connection drops
How to install nvidia proprietary drivers on Fedora 23?
Category of QEMU
Bulk data generation
Comparing values in one same string
Split line to words of maximum size of 8 characters
Using `screen` and PHP's built-in web server
The type command can't distinguish between an executable command and a shell script
How to run a script in a screen on reboot
Cannot install packages using dnf in Fedora 22 on ARM platform
arch linux- error:failed to get canonical path of 'airootfs' (grub to USB installation)
how to boot in arch linux live boot
Any non-whitespace regular expression
Check if FibreChannel disk is mounted somewhere else
limitations of CUPS command line printing of image files
insert patterns into text file after the last line
pv (progress bar) and gzip
ls default sorting inconsistent
Whatis command (shell builtin vs executable programs)
Why is a reboot necessary for HAVEGED to start?
OpenSuse 12.3 keeps renaming network interfaces?
Linux (RedHat) `sudo su -l <<user_acct>>` does not source profile
How does APT deal with different programs with the same name?
Mounting /dev/sda3 but /etc/fstab not found?
Find all directories, in which user has access to search and echo this directories in shell
Encrypted disk filesystem compatibilities
`cp -al` snapshot whose hard links get directed to a new file when edited
Does one end of a pipe have both read and write fd?
How do I know ACLs are supported on my file system?
How to add persist shell ulimit settings on Mac?
How can I determine if an NFS remote is exporting a directory?
What is the difference between letting nohup append to 'nohup.out' and explicitly redirecting it to a file?
Find files recursively that are older than one year and not owned by a specific user
debian asus g551jm gnome 3 using integrated gpu instead of nvidia
Set storage size on creation of VM VirtualBox
Combining two bash script and using a menu
Why does /proc/net/if_inet6 not contain all IP addresses from 'ip addr'?
Shell script not able to awk created file
Qt5 applications don't use gtk style on Liux Mint
TCP, UDP, etc. works, HTTP(S) does not
blocking all but specific ips from specific services in CentOS 7
Decided to install ArchLinux, but faced a problem with Windows
Mount USB on Read-Only filesystem
/private/var socket not created with postfix/dovecot sasl
Is possible to install mediawiki deb package without needing apache?
what is dhcpv6-client service in firewalld, and can i safely remove it?
ACL/MAC Permissions for dovecot and postfix in CentOS 7
Need write permissions to install themes on Linux Mint 17 "Rebecca" Mate
How do I apply iptables SNAT to packets bound for localhost (INPUT chain)?
how to pass a password with a cron job safely?
How to add a software to the list under "open with" other applications in Linux Mint 16?
grep invading my ps
Compare two files and print unmatched lines
Slow access to btrfs on LVM/
stdout redirect. sh: resource temporarily unavailable
Command not working anymore in Thunar custom actions
Network through bridge in VM is pretty unstable
What if I add a user to a supplementary group?
What is the meaning of ##* in shell script?
How to Change Owner of a Directory
Replacing a captured group using SED
Processing array values in bash
To backup to XFS disc by imaging and file-system level
Installing Anaconda on Linux Mint without messing up preinstalled Python?
Is there an easy way to strip all markdown from a text file from the command line?
Formatting numerical output in bash to have exactly 4 decimal places
Target initialization failed. Failed to cache rpm database (1)
No package manager on Red Hat
Determine when the platform offers LD_LIBRARY_PATH?
How to login with ssh as a specific user?
Can't mount device
zsh shell autocomplete, how to autocomplete both files and arbitrary strings returned from a function
Where is the OpenSuSE server ISO for download?
How to get the old pseudo-gui of mpv video player?
Install and configure dolibarr process for AWS?
text processing - Extracting using cshell and awk
linux fails to reconnect to bluetooth speaker after power cycle
Do GUIs represent a type of separate shell?
What's the difference between Ubuntu 16.04 and Ubuntu 16.04 LTS?
What is the behavior of `command`?
What is the best method to test if a program exists for a shell script?
CSV Create a new column removing spaces
Install Ubuntu 16 with text based and use ubuntu with no GUI
There is no Cellar in /usr/local for brew
How do I debug intermittent System Crashes?
Accessing OneDrive folder on Windows partition
View Safari search history from terminal/bash
Is the CLUI and GUI different TTYs?
Force shell to ignore shebang
Unable to mount decrypted image
mount cephfs failed because of failure to load kernel module
Can I disable command execution in find
shell command `tmux` throws `can't use /dev/tty` error
using awk to print lines from one match through a second instance of a separate match
partitions (in general)
search for single or multiple occurrences of the samestring and edit next line
Slow internet connection after MAC address spoof
How can I read a txt file line by line and sort them by the correct variables and write them to another file?
Why jobs aren't killed at logout when executed with "> /dev/null 2>&1 &"?
How close is cdebconf able to serve as a drop-in replacement for debconf?
How can I print a conditional header BEFORE stdout, if there is any output on stdout
startx error when setting up X server on archlinux
Terminal resizes itself
Cryptic Bash Crash
lpstat and localization under Mac OS X
How to find VM OS installation media file in the Proxmox Web Interface?
Feature for showing last visited file system locations
What do the parameters in the NTP response mean?
Replace the values of one column with the mean of values of this column
How to make sure the Bomgar remote client is uninstalled
How do you make a disk partition in linux
CUPS and HPLIP - ensure job was printed
Why is my machine crashing?
Is there a standard alternative to sponge to pipe a file into itself?
How to use END {} in awk when there is no end to the input?
zsh: complete relative path as absolute?
How to understand the output of the df command
Power management under KDE
Rsync/Copy certain file extensions stripping folders
Is $HOME/.local/bin now the preferred location of user-made binaries and scripts or does $HOME/bin still meant fulfull this role?
How to troubleshoot a virtual interface which is currently down?
Remote Files Not accepted error
dirmngr and gpg recv key no result
Installing Ubuntu minimal server sandboxed in Manjaro
Is there a way to automatically restore system files from lost+found
modprobe fails with permission denied
Finding a substring in a column of CSV file
Can a user without u-permissions, read, change permission and the delete the file and why?
mono dependencies on CentOS 7
setting delimiter in awk script
Is it possible to remove or modify readonly variable?
Voices faded out in sound configuration
Is it possible to know what drives is my Solaris using?
Remote debugging using gdbserver
What process is accessing this laptops webcam? Is it a rootkit?
Start daemon with udev on Busybox
Failed to update Linux headers on debian stretch / Debian 9
'Corruption of metadata' : large text file (> 2G) contains only a few lines. How can I diagnose my whole filesystem
Complete setup of Exim4 as SMTP to reach most inboxes as possible (correct configuration)
Transmission (Gnome BitTorrent client) v.s. firewall on Debian 10
dd command to get data of specific range
Counting unique values in all columns of a csv file
cron configuration files difference
What does `2` in `GETRLIMIT(2)` mean/come from?
Retain environment variables on centos 7 running on a Cisco via guestshell
Filtering CSV dataset to find rows and store them in text file
How to Combine a Bridge with VLAN over a Bonding and Two Default Gateways
Permission to write to log
Raid with faulty spare reference but with all physical devices good
Why my newly created user is not inheriting $PATH variable
Why can't I kill a `Sl` process?
Nextcloud: "Mounting" shared link
temporarily override one of two complementary timers
How to disable asking for "(current) UNIX Password:” during a password reset?
What is the difference between serial-getty@ttyAMA0.service and getty@ttyAMA0.service
Can I distinguish between swap thrashing and non-swap high IO latency somehow?
Debian 9 - Samba - smbpasswd: error while loading shared libraries: liberrors.so.0:
Black screen after resume?
How to hint font dejavu sans mono on OpenBSD
Where is the memcached configuration file in archlinux?
How to kill a runaway cat?
Crouton with kali linux and external wifi adapter
Method to convert simultaneous key chord / letter key combo into another key?
How to delete temp folders created for live booting?
Sane can't see Samsung CLX-3305W network scanner in Ubuntu 14.04LTS
unable to mount disk in opensuse 13.2 KDE 5?
split accents in w3m
Dead key not working with konsole, yakuake
Blocked by “E: Sub-process /usr/bin/dpkg returned an error code (1) ”
Mapping metadata with avconv does not work
bootup hangs on "started monitoring of lvm2 mirrors"
mistakenly deleted /boot folder and rebooted
Broken libc6 makes system unbootable when I install packages via apt-get
Setting up permissions for common folder
HURD: Why is remote process not killed?
Why doesn't the owning group get the executable bit?
bc output binary as nibbles separated by whitespace
Are the size of a memory page and the size of a file system cluster always the same?
Why file-nr and lsof count on open files differs?
Combining parts of original Android with newer sources to create a new image
userns container fails to start, how to track down the reason?
Bash Executing Script from within Script Causes Echo and Read Issues
Why does having cron run a remote command over ssh on a Cisco router get interrupted?
Please set env variable CHROME_BIN
Debian Linux - Ubuntu - Logs cleared for last and lastb, but not /var/log/auth.log after new year
What is MCH_SSKPD warning in dmesg?
Disable log of specified crontab item
Can I find out if a given ext4 block is in the inode table, and if so, can I pick it out of a journal with no header by hand?
How i make this script execute every minute without cron?
Linux Apache VM Port Issue
Copy FLAC tags to MP3 files?
sudo as another user with their environment
How to run Firefox in script-mode
Configuring RAID on a running Ubuntu 14.04 Server
Connecting to two ISP in local network using two different network
Executable cannot be found
Reason for interrupt in device driver
Showing only "interesting" mount points / filtering non interesting types
Remap keyboard on the Linux console
USB Mouse Freezing in Debian / KDE // Keyboard OK
What is an unprivileged LXC container?
block from SSH and FTP
A small black square appears on my screen after toggling off desktop effects in OpenSUSE 13.2
Reliable and persistent installation of the Nvidia driver on Centos 5
reinit NFS client without restart
awk causing memory leak?
Reversing graphics card driver change in Linux Mint 17
apt-get update reports 406 Not Acceptable
compile source package with multiple cpu cores in debian, "apt-get -b source"
iptables: using "conntrack" and "recent" modules to block unsolicited packets
What is rotating Tomcat log files?
Running X86 binaries on armv7
Why am I able to compile kernel modules without "#include"ing the relevant header files?
How to select rows from a CSV file based on different column values?
Can't access Eduroam wireless internet connection SETTINGS (Linux Mint 17)
dhclient equivalence of 'dhcpcd -T' command
how to find out the kernel's information?
How to delete corrupted file NTFS?
Read everything in a pipe's buffer without waiting
Why ssh immediately disconnects when using -F /dev/stdin syntax?
Two default gateways on Debian Jessie
hdparm -S60 /dev/sda (Works fine, but every 30 mins HDD wakes up and spins down even though not in use.)
Not in the sudoers file, but I am member of the group sudo and that group is in sudoers
Accidentally set chmod 777 to /var/log
find and sed string in docker got error ` Device or resource busy`
strange character in file name
Setting up ethernet mesh network between Linux boxes
Prevent users from changing group of their own files
Can I start a Flatpak app in a separate profile?
How to print xrdb/urxvt defaults?
Documentation of =- (equals minus) in systemd unit files
Changing from row to column with Shell script command
Cups dependency error in Raspbian
gnuwin bash If .txt file contains string copy file
Am I @localhost or @computer-5?
Removing lines and trailing commas from mysqldump
How to get the IPV4 address for an interface from /proc
/usr/bin/time of a C program with I/O does not yield results
Find and replace lines in text file with output from another file
How can I boot to terminal?
Nemo fails to open SMB share: "Connection timed out"
NFS Stale File Handle Errors on Root
Debug a setuid binary as non-root
0–127 range limit on WEXITSTATUS in old Unix?
How to edit second occurrence of duplicate lines?
htop crashing to blank screen
How do I create a file name for my email attachment?
How can I print output whilst detached from controlling terminal?
Is it possible to send data to the the shell of another pseudo-terminal?
Why isn't user being added to sudoers list?
useradd: cannot create directory
Cannot write after granting rwx permissions to group using an ACL
Sar vs df -h... discrepancy between percentage of root filesystem
How do I take a screen shot of my Xvfb buffer?
Seach for string and email string when not found
how to add multiple space between columns in Unix
When to make ROOT the owner of Disks, Directories, Files
How to allow SSH into Terminal after connecting to VPN server using NordVPN servers through OpenVPN?
tmpfs does not overflow to swap
Fix apt dependencies
Cannot change linux password
What does the following negative kernel value mean?
Use "mount -o" with a non-root user
Why do echo $$, echo $(echo $$) and (echo $$) reveal the same PID?
CentOS: user with separate public key file
How do I grep and sort using this specific pattern?
How to duplicate each row using shell comands?
Grep strings with random numeric characters
Virtualbox, dkms, linux-header and virtualbox-dkms installed, but said to be missing?
Command line length limit: built-in vs executable
Max of 2nd column and Min of 1st column, comparing two rows at a time
Making 'pushd' directory stack persistent
Issues with I219 Network Adapter and em 7.6.2
Exclamation Dradis and DPKG error during apt dist-upgrade
How do I install wifi driver on kali rolling distro?
Why is ext4 only recommended up to 16 TB?
How to see constant values in .a lib files?
How to install compiler and binutils on FreeNAS?
Where can I find Software for Unix/Linux that does X?
How do I share applications windows between OS X and Linux?
Portable encrypted container
Starting firefox on a remote host (over ssh) opens a new window locally: what is happening?
Can you recommed a discrete simulation modelling system (like GPSS or Rockwell Arena) for Linux?
Could you share a link to a good catalogue of Linux distros to choose?
How to set up Kate to use Nautilus as a file manager?
Auto mount HP USB Flash drive Error
Unable to install Atheros AR8161 Ethernet controller driver for centOS 6
How to make Linux application (all in one fille) installer?
unionfs filesystem
Getting values from comma seperated file
Ext4 - Last write time
sudo command not found
How can I predefine a path for a user logged in via SSH?
CUPS - Selecting a driver for a HP printer
printf and echo -e are giving different results
Debian installation finished successfully but partitions are %100 free
Can I create a linux server user without creating a complete new account?
Installing Debian to Supermicro
DNSMasq send additional fields
Grep across multilines
Is it possible in VIM to delimit an external (bash) command?
Dual boot Linux Mint in a GPT style hard drive along with Windows 8
Why is /dev full?
using GPS with Linux & output only certain data
Arch GRUB asking for /run/lvm/lvmetad.socket on a non lvm disk
Translate GNU ps flags to standard flags
Touchpad not detected
Mouse clicks won't work (Linux Mint KDE)
Wget download file ( do not overwrite ) auto update script
Hiding an encrypted folder in a shared system without root access (unshare -m)
Error while trying to create RPM for java app
/dev/disk/ lists disks, why /dev/net/ doesn't list network interfaces?
How to list namespaces in Linux?
What tool to use to monitor network issues?
FreeBSD 8.4 pkgdb fails after upgrade to Ruby 1.9
debian: what is "/var/log/apt/term.log" good for
Append variable string to itself
Command : must be run from a terminal
Changing hostname doesn't change the terminal name
mirroring a pane between two windows
Why OpenSuse (ver.13) does no install a lot of basic softwares for development
Mounting another VM's .vdi in VirtualBox
Audible iTunes Linux
File protection in Unix
Service httpd is failing to start - fcgid can't create shared memory
cat /dev/null > file.log does not truncate large file in Darwin
Octave - warning: unable to open X11 DISPLAY
Run a GUI OS via a hypervisor from a Linux server terminal?
Why "sshd Bad prime description" errors?
How to run PC-BSD iso from GRUB with only Linux installed
Is it possible to install bottom launcher on Debian 7
How can I automatically include all firmware needed by selected Linux kernel modules
Read the files in shell script doesn't print out anything?
Machine readable number of updates? Alternative to /usr/lib/update-notifier/apt-check?
How does GLOBIGNORE work?
Split the file and put it in corresponding data structure?
how do I set quotes around a variable so that the programs sees them as quote marks
SCP files from machineB to machineA
Compiling code from apue
Error compiling FTDI VCP drivers: Cannot find version.h
Expand Disk on VMware but no effect?
How to prevent kernel or any broadcast messages from flooding the TTYs?
Is it possible to write a script that run su or sudo command without typing password?
How do you search and replace multiple lines in KDE Kate?
elementary OS: sync ipod nano 5th gen
Linux initrd environment setup - Failed to execute /init
resolvconf writing invalid resolv.conf file
LVM Encrypted Partition without Partition Table
Can't boot Voyager Linux based on Xubuntu
problems running brew
Mint 17.1 - installation reverts to Grub - UUI
Restart/reload IPFW remotely via ssh without losing connection
How to prevent FreeBSD from disconnecting a drive device?
cannot access hidden LXDE panel
Binding to a VPN interface not working
How can I run Linux shell scripts which needs root privilege from a web page
ERROR: image is not a fdt - must RESET the board to recover
firewall-cmd forward rules for interface with multiple IPs?
My Mobile Internet connection is disabled even though it is enabled
How to know where shell variables and functions are set?
How to force the vmware workstation 12.5.5 to use the nvidia graphics card with optirun / primusrun? No GPU passthrough involved
How to avoid error-message during the execution of a bash script?
Efficiently merge / sort / unique large number of text files
Remote desktop connection to linux from windows
Qsub to any node with more than n cores available
Combine Two Outputs and Merge them
How to remove text before and after in a word
how to add a line having special character by using shell script
apt-get upgrade breaks, how to get more information about the issue?
traceroute: How to show TTL along hops
No package git available on CentOS 5.7
Running Commands on a Remote Linux
Getting file count while iterating through directories & folders
How do I find the ultimate CA cert in a 'valid' certificate
Pass a variable in another variable within an awk
search a string and print the string and it's header
How to find the files that fill my disk
Colored Printf redirect to log results in binary file
Gnome Installation Issue Debian
VirtualBox Guest Additions installation on Kali Linux problem
How do I get Bluetooth working on Fedora Linux 20?
error: Macro % has illegal name (%define)
How to make a partition that separated from OS?
Why don't LVM and RAID require a clustered filesystem
Using regex to see if a UNIX process is up
Best practise to diagnose problems
Where in Gnome libs, is 'True' and 'False' defined?
Auto-mounting to a directory other than /media in Fedora 13
Using Ansible inside Bash
List only regular files
Sensors and saving to variable
ps -a fails to find a process which is running
Which version of Kali Linux am I using?
Customize ZSH history search in vi mode
Cron.d not running (rsnapshot)
How do I detect whether my terminal has focus in the GUI from a shell script?
How can I set default application for unknown file on xdg-open / mimeopen?
AMD Ryzen 2600 temperature
How to know if a script is already running
Append strings to multiple space-separated values in a variable
How to force gnome-keyring-daemon to ask for my passphrase
how can I use 2 framebuffers (/dev/fbx), to display gui and video frame at same time using pygame?
Bash: Count N characters within several alphabetically ordered files
How to add a path before the first character of each line in a file.txt and save the same file with those edits?
BASH question: using read, can I capture a single char OR arrow key (on keyup)
grep match fields for patten in two files
ssh to server and switch user and then run multiple commands
How to find max value from specific XML element using a Perl one liner?
PXE: File loading time
How can I print n days old date?
Systemd Networkd Vlan configuration
grep for pattern
Will running MalDet (malware detection) and ClamAV (anti-virus) at the same time cause any issues with the operation of each other?
How to move all files with extension to a subdirectory?
Xft font strings: set different fonts for different effects
Forward Windows 10 "Windows" To X11
ffmpeg "No match." error on freebsd
Sound does not work on Linux Mint 19.2 newly installed
computer locks up when building on lxc container
Error running .jar on Ubuntu: Could not find ot load main class
Get the exact size of files retrieved by find output
AWK Command - Edit Blank "Cell" in CSV to Text Value
How to prevent users to delete files but allow to create subdirectories?
can't install Pop OS. Gparted not showing partitions from HDD
End of session if exit command run in parallel to different command
Linux server mount uknown filesystem type
Weird files in root directory, is secure to delete them?
Python 2.7 substitute subprocess with subprocess32
ssh login with password impossible - no prompt offered- Too many authentication failures
fatal error: mcrypt.h: No such file or directory
unattended-upgrades does not upgrade packages from backport
Running a software (Python script with GUI) as soon as possible after boot
append %200 at the end of an "address 1.1.1.1" line
Fast check if custom TLD is resolvable in
Debian - No WiFi after fresh install
Bash pattern to match directories whose names begin with a dot (period), by being "explicit", instead of using "shopt -s dotglob"?
Unwrapping an LVM2 recurrence?
Monitor chmod progress
Partitioning an external HDD using GPT and with a "Microsoft Reserved" partition?
Determine how many files from a sorted list will fill up a disk
Low battery life under Linux Mint 18 Cinnamon 'Sarah'
Syslog server flooding network with reverse DNS lookups
MTP File Transfer not working on Linux Cinnamon 18
How do you close all ssh-add keys?
Redirecting stderr of a Ruby script not working as expected
How can we know which user has created a file in a folder, using inotify and shell scripts?
How to start a new GUI with custom command from tty1?
Unicode characters aren't displayed in browsers (both interface and pages)
PHP Startup: Unable to load dynamic library : cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
How to use /etc/hosts in unbound DNS server?
Google Chrome segmentation fault within a minute
How to save state lxc container
When exactly(and earliest) have all the block devices been enumerated during Linux Boot?
gnucash reports seem to ignore a single currency entirely, other currencies not: how to include the currency?
set a cron using unix timestamp in centos
missing gnome-mplayer in fedora 25
gnome-screenshot doesn't autosave but interactively asks for a save directory
Centos ip forwarding getting UNKOWN HOST
Why is "who mil" allowed to produce no output?
My /var/log/ is mysteriously filling up GBs in minutes!
Sudoers blacklist
Install Fedora 25 no UEFI
how to turbo boost my cpu on Ubuntu?
Detect WebP files
SSL related "undefined reference" on libssh2 and libcurl libs when compiling C on OpenSUSE
How to stop bash being too smart restricting completion options?
How to Fix empty /etc/sudoers as root?
Extract a part of one line and sort
How To Persist ip Rule And Route Whenever Server Rebooted?
Replacing multiple words in tab delimited file with alternative words
tcpdump ip range
How to use the X Window system on chrome-os
Order of commands executed and redirection
Feeding unicode to unrtf
Linux Bluetooth driver for Lenovo ThinkPad T470s
Mass installation of CentOS 7 (Linux) and configuration
xargs - append each argument with a parameter
Why mkfs can write the SSD at a speed of 10GB/s
Limiting per process dirty bytes without slowing down the whole system
file system "/boot" is not a FAT EFI system partition (ESP) file system
Frequent time outs with pacman
Ctrl + arrow keys working in tmux
Change Name of Mounted Hard Drive
Continue monitor web server and download newly added files
Replacing variable containing \ with sed
Kernel and User space System Calls
Bash array values like variables inside loop
What is Solaris IPS / How does it work?
How to submit multiple commands as one liner in netbatch nbq commmand line
Install full manjaro distribution with net installer?
How to delete a variable string in file
How to Setup Triple Monitors with Kali Linux?
Read n lines at once in a loop using bash script
Problem using SAP site
Convert PEM formatted public key to DER
Sync mail with offlineimap via systemd service/timer; getting password from gnome keyring
Using sed to extract text between two strings
Is there a way to use this command without having to type 'y' all the time?
After small code change 'awk' prints header and blank lines, (not header repeated)
Linux mint 17.3 doesn't shut down
Use a symbolic link to redirect?
CentOS define same date and timezone for system and MySQL
How to Solve this Read-only file system error?
openldap Fedora 22 - apple.schema and now for the mount section
How to do a loop to process two input files
Why internal differences in Flash Player of Ubuntu and Debian?
Automatically switch display on lenovo docking and linux
How to disable Wake on Lan
Problem in Videos playing
How to use SystemD to run a game server 24/7?
How to allow users to register for a single signon account from mit kerberos?
what does it mean by email address as label generating pubic/private rsa key pair?
Disable the Power button on a Chromebook
'gnome-screensaver-command -l' doesn't work when called from '/etc/pm/sleep.d'-script
Make a bootable USB from an ISO
Wireless connection in kali linux
Why is my elif being treated as an else statement in my bash script?
Recursively find files that have a percentage of lines in common
wmctrl compilation error - missing library
What is the execution environment where `command [arguments]` in `exec command [arguments]` runs?
Formatting output from awk command in script
What are the environment variables by default?
What does the ampersand in 'cat &' mean in linux?
what is the canonical way to start a daemon in rhel/centos-6 init script?
Connect to SFTP using Centos Linux VM
Should I use IsoHybrid for booting Flash Drives?
How do I display all URLs in a redirect chain?
SystemD: configure unit file so that login screen is not shown until service exits and reboots
Transmitted packets on a LAN interface may increase received packets on WAN interface?
FreeBSD shared swap partition with Linux
Disable DHCP without altering 'interfaces'
Getting latest version of software with/without Sourceforge
Kali 1.3 - Installing Parallel Tools
bash ignorecase match pattern in file and color that line, print all to screen
How to change the last IP digits on Linux command line
Pinging between Mesh Network Nodes OpenWrt
Display only relevant hunks of a diff/patch based on a regexp
Port is open but I can't ssh to it
udisksctl mount a different subvolume of an already mounted btrfs partition
What are the default file permissions in CentOS?
Does Parallels support 3.18.0-kali3-amd64?
Clonezilla hangs after boot
Is the "computer:///" address only something symbolic, or can it be used somewhere?
How to use Caja (file manager) to organize files and folders online?
Convert csv to HTML table
Gnome 2 desktop shortcut: Run a script having commands changing the environment
How to make a standalone application appear on the Mint menu?
Determining a CD-R(W)'s capacity
Insert to Oracle table in a loop
Concatenating string variable inside a for loop in the bash shell
Error while running apt-get update
How to make Qt Creator use KDEs color scheme
Restrict samba-user for upload files based on file size
Restrict particular applications from accessing certain files
Ubuntu 16.04 server network goes to sleep
Duplicates of .desktop files in Linux
Does each process in a session get its input from and send its output to the terminal the session is connected to?
How to avoid a situation where the system is too out-of-memory to even show or kill processes?
npm installation not working under Debian Stretch
Cat a file with grep, showing current "cat" line
Synchronize between CardDav and LDAP
What are the main execution stages in Linux (how does a program basically gets executed in Linux)?
Access host on network B from machine on network A
`xmodmap` not working on startup
Xclip realtime clipboard backup?
Linker script in .so file? (libc.so) Is that right?
Bash script and processes
Give a specific user permissions to a device without giving access to other users
hibernate / suspend problems
How can I tell when a file was compressed?
ldd:FATAL: Unresolved symbol "getopt_long" called from Executable - using compiled binaries for QNX on arm. Why?
Is there a way to know which files are being created, read or updated by running app?
On-screen keyboard does not appear on screen upon focus of input in browser
NFS client does not recover if server reboots
curl --data-urlencode and underscores
SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 11 (x86_64) install postgresql93 uninstallable providers
FreeBSD 10.2 unable to find package
Cancel an option used in aliased command?
Logged into RHEL 6 and profile settings are missing
How can I correctly decompress a ZIP archive of files with Hebrew names?
Read specified lines in file - BASH
Determine if a graphics card is new
Should file expansion happen before a command sees its argument?
dpkg install with apt-get autoremove
Change which brightness device gnome uses?
Install dropbox ends in error
Debian 8 Jessie CD-image-based liveUSB/installer won't boot in UEFI mode with 32-bit UEFI firmware
row to column conversion in linux
Search drive and copy source to flat target
Touchscreen unresponsive on 4.4-rc7, but works on 4.2. cat /dev/hidraw0 doesn't show anything
how does this work ? for loop strips variable result
Parsing "mdls" output
"Forcing" a kernel panic from the terminal on Linux
What is led_cdev? And how to use it in Linux kernel (directly)?
How to wipe a partition quickly with value zero?
when I do git diff filename, I get "g -csn: pg: command not found"
extract specific fields from a file using a character delimiter
Is it possible to have a zipfile in which only some files where encripted/password protected?
JavaFX on a 4k screen
How to delete columns with zero value in each line?
Emacs with 24bit terminal support on FreeBSD
Unable to find regular file with default shell as bash but works when it's ksh
How to split file based on number of columns?
What's inside the kernel part of virtual memory of 64 bit linux processes?
Use LDAP Server to log into itself
Alternatives to suid, for script and interpreted languages
How to install 64 bit Xubuntu to Asus GL553VW?
I can boot directly from guest kvm?
Installing applications to a different drive having more space, other than the one containing the home directory for ubuntu 18.04.2
Use bash EXIT trap to confirm or cancel ctrl+d
Multiple input for grep
Script to take arguments, sum numbers
How to Merge Multiple Columns in to Two Columns based on Column 1 Value?
cp multiple files do not work in bash script
opendkim.sock file not being created or does not exist
How to enlarge this partition?
cgroups (V1) does not work -- how to diagnose/debug?
What is the difference between modify and change in stat command context?
How are file permissions calculated?
Why does my vim-7.3 compile fail to include clientserver?
Opensolaris snmp broadcast
What's up with the metadata in the source? Are there tools for it?
Video player that uses multiple CPU/GPU cores in Linux?
Can I break display devices with the xrandr command?
Unix executable file permission vs runtime user's permissions
What happened to my free space
vga_switcheroo not in /sys/kernel/debug in 2.6.35-22 (kubuntu maverick)
KDE custom global shortcuts
PPC Debian: eth0: switching to forced 10bt / 100bt
Installing Java into Ubuntu 10.04 Firefox/Chrome
Debian server on a Intel Core i3 and Intel Q57 Chipset - will it work?
Sending music directly from MIC to LS
What distributions work out of the box with tablet computers?
Evolution Check mail when Window is closed
Copy a file back to local system with ssh
List printer's completed jobs
Moving linux install to a new computer
Parse syslog messages into separate MySQL tables with rsyslog
Is there a freeform playing cards deck&table game for Linux?
is there a way to find out exactly how kubuntu sets up KDE so I can just duplicate that?
How to get a program running with root privileges without using su or sudo
Show a notification across all running X displays
Toggle between dvorak and qwerty
Kernel segmentation fault (core dumped), how to diagnose?
Correct textual name for <<
Why are there so many log files in a typical Linux system? Why don't they use one consolidated logs db/file and an api?
swapon: Operation not permitted
Can I set up Kate to always fold (collapse) all foldable regions when opening a code file?
CLICOLOR and LS_COLORS in bash
Why can I not copy a direcotry from *nix to a mounted smbfs share on Windows 7?
SSH Do not connect even with publickeys installed
How to kill both process and subprocess?
Using many monitors (4+) in linux
temporary setting the path in an "init" file
Kill an unresponsive ssh session without closing the terminal
How can I enforce quotas on roaming user profiles using samba?
Do symbolic links actually make a difference in disk usage?
Sunrise and other astronomical data from the command line
rsync not overwriting newer files
bash: loop through two string variables to create symbolic links
Why is a link removed when disabling a service? (a file is not)
Linux Mint 17: Menu editors can't "move" Main Menu applications
How can I log how often a file is modified on OS X?
Log of wireless connections
Why does grep sometimes return directories with two slashes?
using a bash script to run an interactive program
Slow scp transfer speed over wan
.shinit vs. .shrc
pppd: using the noauth option requires root privilege
GNU screen tab gets renamed whenever I type a command
What is the added value of the -T option in GNU cp and mv?
Why XInput can't work in X-terminal?
How to show progress with GPG for large files?
Mounting a disk image split up into two files
Cmake cannot find module Qt5WebEngineWidgets
How to Do this List Comparison with Find?
packer - ERROR: One or more PGP signatures could not be verified!
Missing or disappear home directory
Why "start-stop-daemon" spawns two processes?
Use the ThinkVantage button on linux
Automatic Mount at Boot For Xubuntu
Using yum to upgrade from MySQL 5.1.73 to 5.7.13
Possible attack against VNC Server
Why do we need initramfs and initrd
Difference between auto mode and manual mode in update-alternatives
Shell Script command output stream overwriting old lines
"scope.sh" is lacking for ranger file manager
Polkit uses 100% CPU on a hardened Gentoo Linux profile?
Variable substitution assuming first occurrence value
How to run program from specific viewport (not how to move it there)
dnsmasq as dns only, map mac-address to hostname for dynamic ip
How to use two profiles in Gentoo the correct way?
date not work for set time
Kali boot - gma500 trying to get vblank count for disabled pipe
What is grinding my HDDs and how do I stop it?
What's the difference between sudo find /usr -perm /a=x and sudo find /usr -executable
ClamAV antivirus, too big log files
Merge two files and plus the second column using AWK
What are the differences between -perm /a+x, -perm /a=x, -perm -a=x and -perm -a+x with find?
JBL headphone has to connect twice to get good sound quality (elementary os and mint)
How to pipe the output ffmpeg?
/proc/sys/kernel/yama/ptrace_scope keeps resetting to 1
One line env variable set behavior
exit the prompt by `at` command
Get version number of AUR package installed
Large media storage & ZFS or BTRFS
How to install Rocks Cluster using WiFi (Intel Wireless N)
Why are there two entries per device on /dev/input/by-path
increasing imagemagick memory/disk limits
How to block communication between 2 different subnets?
Create directory name based on other other directories
Understanding the behaviour of at + x minutes
Where does Linux check passwords?
Disable viminfo completely
Run all scripts in a folder in background
FirewallD not working properly on Fedora 25
Custom "garbage collector" to manually close a program
Install a package manager on a terramaster NAS
I am trying to download XDM(xtreme download manager) on kali linux but i get a java error
Sorting by 2 fields in ksh
Iptables: what does this command do?
Faster startup of zsh
bonding between wifi and eth
Azure Ubuntu server not accessible from remote machine
Get wireless intefaces logical name
pgrep for processes which are not associated with a terminal in ubuntu
AES encryption for openwrt distribution
Weird results of triple piping to STDOUT & tee /dev/null >(wc -l > tmp.txt) & piping again embedding `cat tmp.txt`
why is debian's default bash shell colorless?
Drives not showing when sudo pvdisplay
ghostscript changes orientation of PDF
columns to data matrix awk
Getting Information about locks associated with a process
Distros with hotkeys exactly the same as window$
Is it safe to have the same ssh-passphrase as the user login-password?
Turn lines in file into list of input
Problems connecting via serial to usb port to PCengines APU board using HL-340
Why do the following ways to preserve environment variables for sudo not work?
Thunderbird doesn't show reminder popup for events for tasks
IPv6 forwarding doesn't work
How to find two types of files: executables and text files
Python insert a line just above the second occurrence of a pattern from end of file
strongswan get RANDOM dns
Can't forward traffic from eth to TUN/TAP
${p:2:1} Meaning in the shell script
Per user priority of access to a file system
How to copy a file with unique name without navigating to directory?
How to parse the file
Paste timestamp hotkey?
loop over files to pass as arguments to a script
ext4 mount: mount /dev/mmcblk0p2 on /SD failed: File exists?
Grep: find all emails that don't have the pattern
AWK printing columns based on column number and pattern match condition
How to check GPU RAM consumption?
SD card appears and dissapear after inserting it
How to Enable Proper Snap Functionability in Ubuntu 18.04
bash re process a string before running
How to ship files as executable? (no git)
How do I enable two finger right click in Ubuntu GNOME?
Need to find the date when I make my distro-upgrade
What is the recommended way to maintain local patches to debian packages?
Setting Options -Indexes recursive
How to control the access to the directory?
Installing X in Arch
How to manage Error: kernel conflict with offline repo on RHEL7?
need to have libcrypto++.so.6 on my jessie
ksh variable declaration and loop
rsync with delete option, but preserve what's deleted
What is the best way to install node from a tar file on Ubuntu?
How to copy random files to a directory
Renaming: Remove last X characters from files in directory
GlimmerHMM giving “segmentation fault” error during gene prediction
OpenAFS suddenly fails: a pioctl failed while obtaining tokens
Gnome shell VS Unity
Limiting socat udp to receive one packet or timeout
Why transmission-daemon do not connects to DHT if torrent has no trackers?
How can I find out what version of Debian a particular version of Ubuntu is based on?
Q: Setting up RAID1 on CentOS, running into an error
How come a Desktop Environment be one layer under a shell (kernel-DE-shell instead kernel-shell-DE)?
bad magic number in superblock
Why some tables contains only part of chains in iptables?
Cannot wake up from suspend
Allow only specific users to interact with the local session
How to exit early on pipe close?
autocomplete filenames with underscores
List installed, top-level packages in Fedora
Why change default ssh port?
How to align applets on Gnome panel
How do I tell GNOME to reread my ~/.profile
How does searching a file (locate) or autocompletion work?
What's the best way to configure shared filesystem directories? (beyond standard unix perms)
using sudo on GUI applications
LS_COLORS settings for specific types of files
Is there a way to empty the trash/wastebasket from the command line?
What are stripped and not-stripped executables in Unix?
What is the Linux equivalent of bootinfo command?
Finding the offset for ext4 partition
Different ways to execute a shell script
Is there a parallel file archiver (like tar)?
How do I convert an epoch timestamp to a human readable format on the cli?
rpd over https using a linux client
Ubuntu 15.10 not detecting serial connections
`ls -lS` isn't showing true size of directory
Determine additional size before `rsync`
Creating usernames with duplication check and adding them to LDAP
VNC send Ctrl+Alt+F1-F6 to server
Command that highlights regex in text?
Install an app made for SUSE Enterprise 11 on openSUSE 11.4
Chmod u-x isn't changing anything and I have no idea why
Unix/Linux command syntax
Linux sort last column
What is in fsck section in fstab?
Color of the fonts in my remote terminal screen when using VI in linux
How to divide a list of values by a number in command line?
Force change of a user's cwd as root
How to install & run collectd on Solaris 10 x86
How to configure DNS on Fedora 16?
What is the best book every Unix or Linux user should read?
Mouse pad error after new Linux kernel install
Skype gtk style not working on debian squeeze 64
Leave remote command running storing output
How to install rastertoezpl on Pardus?
Sorting the output of "find"?
How to configure SELinux to print date and time in each entry in audit log?
How to explicitly load shell interpreter in a C program
the use for echo without argument in shell scripting
How to echo output of multiple commands into md5sum?
When should I use input redirection?
ping timeout differences between OS X and Linux/other OSs
Get zsh to report directory to emacs
Why does Arch Linux keep Windows headphone mute
Can I measure cold boot time using logs?
Is there an ideal operating system for GNOME 3?
Gnome3.6.2 - empathy chats do not appear in the notification bar after a while in fedora 18
Error while mounting directory from host via NFS
How to boot on Fedora 18 (Grub2)
After Arch Linux install it just shows the text "No bootable device found"
Mapping intr to del key
Rsyncing files with special characters to USB FAT32
RES memory more than initial and maximum memory for java
How to call a KSH script from another KSH script
How do I move .bash_profile away from home
curses-based program for selection item from the list
Sort with unequal whitespace in first column
How to set clang++ as the c++ compiler?
How to disable DHCP (static IP)?
zsh Interpret/ignore commands beginning with '#' as comments
How to copy qemu raw images?
How to track file change
Backports on Debian not working
gzip - redirection or piping?
How does tcp-keepalive work in ssh?
msmtp alternative that understands /etc/aliases
find a file within a tar.gz archive
The best way to expand glob pattern?
Kill backgrounded SSH when shell exits
Bulk rename files with numbering
Convert linux sysuptime to well format date
ffmpeg: error while loading shared libraries: libtheoraenc.so.1
What is the tool that allows me to specify arbitrary directories using **
Enabling Numeric Keypad
How do I make all current and future files in a directory readable by a certain group/user?
Configure bash globbing
What is the appropriate value of vm.swappiness when using zram?
Debian Squeeze: Left mouse click stops working
Why does the /boot partition get updated when I install software
NVidia driver for the 3.2.9 kernel
How can I change which file manager dropbox opens with by default?
How to clear the last -10 info?
What's the easiest way to find out relevant video card/driver information
Are there any full featured pdf readers that integrate comment function?
switching from user to root and revers (FreeBSD)
Is it possible to change the order of a glob?
Alias in .bashrc doesn't seem to accept an argument
Vim - Bind a key to a bash command
Problem with vim when logged in as root
Usb tethering with linux and htc desire s other than rndis_host
How to compile my own linux kernel?
How do I disable a keyboard shortcut in gnome-shell?
Writing a Kernel from scratch
How to update menu of info directory node?
Static IPv4 & IPv6 configuration on CentOS 6.2
Software raid checksumming slow
KVM and swap problem
Exit Google Chrome from terminal
What happened to the GLP OpenGL extension?
Use cookies in curl to set language
How can I limit the bandwidth used by a process?
What does this egrep command do?
How to salvage an unreadable usb flash drive
Cannot access GRUB after deleting Win 8
If Mac OS X is UNIX, why is it that it is not open sourced and the license is proprietary?
How to assign value of variable with regex (bash)?
Why "man CMD" shows nothing?
jpg to pdf without data loss
Tell fs to free space from deleted files NOW
Recommendation on filesystem for embedded device - RAM or USB
How to disable Switch User option from Fedora 15
Is minissdpd known to have been auditted for security, at a similar level to avahi-daemon?
How to schedule cronjob for every 45 days?
How to run a Java program from an Unix script?
How to copy/paste list of commands with chroot
Grep: Match a programming language
Using nohup and time with different outputs
Clockspeed graphing program in linux
Why systemctl reload firewalld on centos7 is not working?
How to left pad a column in Bash
Parsing comma-separated digits in ksh
How to constantly show line number when navigating in nano?
passwordless ssh in rhel6
Starting gui after nvidia driver update
Raspbian ssh_exchange_identification: read: Connection reset by peer
Slab cache affecting used memory much more than /proc/meminfo suggests
/sys/kernel/debug/dynamic_debug/control not writable, follow xhci_hcd debug guide
Why does a value '-' (hyphen) in "tag-order" style prevent matching of the "executables" tag even if that tag is explicitly specified?
Graphical issues and missing recovery mode after unplugging drive
How to customize the look of currently selected(highlighted) completion in zsh?
Bash: Is '[[' also a program like '['?
uid = 10 for wheel group but do not see that id in /etc/passwd
Split and merge - with DVDs!
Can I change an existing partition from MBR to GPT?
Why is my notifications applet displaying incorrectly?
Why is learning command line imporatant?
How can I run gdb in one machine and run kgdb kernel in another machine?
How to mount an NTFS drive as utf8 over NFS
How to show console color in Emacs shell
Install Arch Linux without overriding MBR
Can't install Linux Mint Cinnamon nor Ubuntu while switchable graphics turned on
How can I *completely* wipe an MP3's metadata?
Does grep --color default to =auto or =always?
APT source.list issue
Permission needed to create/remove file in a directory with sticky bit set
Libreoffice not responsive / slow on Linux Mint 19 Cinnamon
xst terminal: normal clipboard disabled when in tmux
Strange directory permission behavior in docker container
Command line output misaligned
Move all of the ‘music’-type files (.mp3) into the music subdirectory with the terminal in Ubuntu
awk code to read two arrays
Save iwconfig to a variable
Why are there no journalctl entries for services like httpd and exim?
Why does this rsync command not delete files in destination directory
How to add a blank line after a specific character in a text file using sed?
Why do popular TCP-using services have UDP as well as TCP entries in /etc/services?
split the content of a specific column with variable number of strings
libtool installed but not found by buildconf
How can I install an apt-get/pip package for use by a particular Python version?
fix yum after removing centos-release
How are stack traces reconstructed from a coredump?
Move files in folders by list in file
GNOME 3.34 vs Deepin Desktop Environment - resources usage
my display brightness is dimming automaticly
Group capturing word boundaries
How to create a file with specific command to run in linux?
xrandr doesn't correctly configure GeChic 1503H external HDMI monitor
FreeRADIUS Perl Module "Unknown or invalid value "perl" for attribute Auth-Type"
Check if a directory called "marked" under *.ext directory exists? and if they exists then when the last time files under "marked" were modified
how to conditionally run different command with same arguments
Renaming symlinks, using regex with boolean "|" on Linux
How can I answer "Yes" to an apache installation using Vagrantfile for automatic creation of a VM?
Read Windows file digital signature time stamp in Ubuntu
How to generate dynamic menu and make it usable?
Symlinks with a custom root
Repair input/output error on directory
Replace comma with newline following with just a command and space
Work with setsid to open a session and close it correctly
The correct way of implementing adblocking with uzbl?
How to do take webcam picture with repeatitively with a given interval (ffmpeg)?
Can I remap ctrl-j and ctrl-k in vim?
How to answer YES automatically with a cryptsetup luksFormat command?
Encoder to msrle format with FFMPEG
How to pipe an echo command through grep when adding?
Rewrapping the passphrase makes encryption disappear
How to display custom text one letter at a time as keys are pressed?
Download / Compile local version of mysqldump
What is an "s" inside "$-"?
Controlling automatically started /usr/bin/find process
add tab to specific columns
relationship between locales and glibc/locale-aware binaries
Can detached screens by "imported" inti active session?
start dhcpcd on specific interfaces only explicitly
ssh to localhost not working, remote ssh works
Directive 'StrictModes' is not allowed within a Match block
Script to write terabytes of data on a memory card
Moving file descriptors in zsh
Network burden of RPi Cam Web Interface
Cancel a command in AND
Rearranging list of numbers to make a matrix
SU to unpriviledged user starting in priviledged directory
Add a tab character to beginning of a file without a line return
Is my cron command good?
how to access mac files from ubuntu flash drive
Alternative to commands library in python 2.7 and 3.6
SSH Connection Refused Centos
How do I get the PID of my main process (and not one of its workers)?
Can't setup monitor after reconnecting ThinkPad T570 to USB-C dock
Grub-install error: disk 'crpytouuid/<uuid>' not found
Unable to register SIP via WiFi
Why is my sudo process freezing?
How to grep a string that contains spaces and line breaks
log-in/password issues
Creating VLAN Bridge for KVM Virtual Machines
Suppress "Name or service not known" on ping
dhclient does not work in opensuse 42.3, what's wrong?
AIX Unix Replicate data referencing a variable
Give two users ownership of a directory?
How to delete a tab between two columns on many similar lines of text?
Why is /etc/fstab not being used on boot?
Setting up the dark Greybird theme on Xubuntu 18.04
Unable to resolve $proc_date from the script
Unstable wifi card causes the entire computer to freeze
I need to add comma at the end of first 3 words in the text file using shell script
Awk compare current with next
What is correct fstab line for root file system in Ubuntu 16.04?
Run python script without declare it interpreter
Reboot is not working
How to add gitpython to path
SELinux denied clamscan to delete uploaded file on nginx server
Where can I get the first edition of Minix OS?
CentOS 7 persistent module loading at boot
tmpfs usage and resizing
Understanding shell builtin commands
Set sampling clock frequency adjustment for PCM
Why does the NS records keep randomly changing?
iptables marks are being ignored by tc?
block scripted sudo
How to use Intel Compiler in Linux?
Rename files recursively
Searching and replacing with file contents
What exactly are "Voluntary context switches"?
Create an user in linux that can access only a specific folder
Where can I find deleted packages from debian main pool?
How does sed -e '/./{H;$!d;}' -e 'x;/AAA/!d;' works to print paragraph
Cups configuration does not consider my new PPD driver (Debian Wheezy)
Transfering files using ssh
linux command to check POSIX message queue
print last field from line + alternative for awk
Environment of another user in a child process
How to configure for an Authenticating Proxy Server
Ways to give a process "idle" network priority
Compare multiple files
Why doesn't "sudo su" in a shell script run the rest of the script as root?
Running rsh command under the root account
Replacing string based on line number
pass piped variable to perl oneliner
How to debug and fix slow autocomplete in bash?
Empathy sets status to "offline" when I set it to "invisible"?
How to resolve midgard2 already loaded?
How can the IP masquerading forwarding through a VPN gateway be configured to access the WAN router the gateway is attached to?
Multiple /dev/video for one physical device
sh script name -sh: /bin/sh^M: bad interpreter: No such file or directory
CUPS PPD - default InputSlot for specific paper formats
Ignoring first record in awk
mixing `lp -o raw` with other options
UFW Syntax to find and delete ONE rule among 4279 UFW REJECT IN rules
Git init in wrong directory? How to recover? (theoretical situation)
Debian freezes after some time
Migrate Arch from encrypt to sd-encrypt
Grep and Text processing
xrandr with second window above, maximising problem
Can I copy over .ko files to another Linux?
[: missing `]' error in shell, already have spaces before and after the code in []
Need to extract the data between the double quotes in shell
I am installing abinit 8.10.2 on Ubuntu. How can I correct this error?
Where does Openbox's Alt-tab fetches icons from?
modify between (only) 1st occurrence of patterns (inclusive of patterns) and keep processing
Does changing Linux username give any problems?
Nginx Directory Listing
Get Lines between pattern 1 and pattern2 which may accure multiple times
Trying to remotely execute a string via ssh but my back slash keeps on getting duplicated
String `!23` is replaced with `docker` in command line
How to tune Linux machine in order to improve CPU load average and CPU utilization
How can I (re)show post-installation notes?
porting install scripts : can rpm replace apt?
Ubuntu dual-monitor issue (they both work, but not simultaneously)
Move Files Recursively but only if they are not open by another process
Function Recursion in shell
What can be the source of this docker-compose error message: ... Cannot set property TasksAccounting, or unknown property
Migrating the KDE configuration files
Sapphire HD 4870 GDDR 512 drivers for Ubuntu
Automatically opening kwallet while logging in to KDE
How often is PSS value updated for a given process in /proc/pid/smaps
How is /proc/self implemented in Linux?
Playing mkv files
Why was '~' chosen to represent the home directory?
Can a script be executable but not readable?
Getting Linux computer integrated with Windows domain
Is there a way to view a list of timestamp history of a document/file via terminal/command line?
Listing specific lines in listed files
Subtle WM without a numpad
How do I hide login information passed to command line programs from appearing in the process list?
Pacman Full system upgrade ask for replacing packages
Shortcut key for scrolling inside a terminal
Is it possible to use a lamp server for serving files from a nas?
How to kill a ghost process? AIX 6.1
How to create Maildir directory with enough permissions for Postfix?
Pen Drive Not detected in Linux
Is it possible to run script while stopping docker container?
Comparing folder name to line from text file
Sign a PDF file to verify integrity and validity
Getting the log from MySQL into a file when running MySQL commands from the command line
Which group should own /var/www/html?
Wi-Fi disconnects very often
Simultaneously operate on multiple wireless networks
Getting hardware accellerated 2d graphics with ATI card
apropos regex start with?
What's a smart way to count the number of days since X?
apt is not working after I changed mirror
Disable sorting of COMPREPLY in bash complete function
iptables blocking incoming FTP traffic 2/3 minutes after being reset
Metasploitable 2 on VirtualBox. Virtualbox Host Interface Networking Error
xfsrestore: unexpected tape error
404 Not Found. File exists (mounted)
How to make an alias permanent?
Secure share in samba not working, why?
How can I delete the 5th word of every line in a file?
When I execute a .run file as <user> it works fine. If I sudo run it, it cannot detect Java
How to enable Adobe Connect screen sharing
More succinct alternative to "lsof -p $(pidof postgres| sed -r 's/ /,/g')"
User has write permissions but cannot write to files
ssh login with a tunnel through intermediate server in a single command?
Snowball microphone no longer shared between applications
grep for lines/files that contain exactly X chars
Why does password prompt lag slightly after typing the username in tty?
Create My Own Linux Desktop Enviorment
How do I use the "screen" command if I don't know what the ps or tty the program came from?
nfsstat -s: What does sequence mean?
How to scale down Debian
Issues with Java in Linux
How to edit a file from a script using a loop instead of find and replace with sed?
(32bit or 64bit) Linux distro with !32bit! (U)EFI support?
How is sudo interrupted in xterm on Ctrl-C?
How to install pcsx2 in Linux Mint 17.3?
How can I backup all my software in files to reinstall on another Linux system?
LCD USB communication
Is Unity the only desktop environment that supports keyboard shortcuts to launch and focus programs, and does not group webapps with the browser?
How to disable QEMU guest access to host ports
fast way to show pending security updates
How can I install the Atom RPM package on Android?
Clear to end of line uses the wrong background color in screen
Why non-number record shows after "0" in sorting?
What does "is hashed" mean when using the type command?
Letting HTML file act as URL with wget
Dashed line on top and below a window when window scrolling is required
How to distinguish between v2 and v3 of Xeon processors?
Copy the Linux kernel config file to another distribution
Could not find libjava.so
Issue with column command and color escape codes
Connect Symbolic Link to program or script that returns a file
Delete all users and groups except root in debian
How to stop rsync from replacing every file whether or not it has been changed?
umount failure, e2fsck not possible to check for errors
OpenWRT: TL-MR3020 Cannot SSH or TELNET into router flashed with custom OpenWRT bin
fstrim cronjob not working on Linux Mint 17.2
Extract URL from non-formatted text
Terminal based Norton Commander program
Why are some ZLE sequences being remapped to "self-insert"?
What does "echo (ls)" do in bash?
Add content of XML file to another one using bash script
Couldn't mount nfs shares with more than four files
How to install/update only a particular package in Fedora from a repo?
How do I record disk performance on slow hardware and then replay it to faster hardware and benchmark it?
Alternative for `sleep seconds` that takes system load into account?
Complete files from a different directory in bash
Does Android SDK work in Solaris?
How to print Unicode glyph names for input string?
pipe Windows windows to Xserver on my linux host
Replacing sshfs with ssh
How can I find broken symlinks
Installing new Operating System such as FreeBSD with PXE boot?
I/O statistics per user
Are there 2 ways to set awk vars via command line?
Create animated WebP file from WebP files?
Error Installing Libatlas
Stop printer jobs from terminal
The current path of a process
Extend partition size without unmounting it
Why do package managers need lock files?
No password to run command as root for fixed command?
Are writes to eventfd counted as io?
What is the problem with the output of plink?
Adding wallpapers in GNOME Shell
Openning root terminal by keyboard shortcut
How to execute as the logged-in user in a sudo script (OSX)?
SED and PDSH: adding a line to a file on a slave node in a cluster
tail -f produces no output in Ubuntu live CD
Shared drive between two Linux virtual machines
Failed to restore file with extundelete
How to run java service as a non-root user on CentOs 6
How to install package via yum in Fedora
Sed + how to set parameters in sed command in order to display lines from text file
Route to LAN subnet via OpenVPN client
Conversion from PNG to EPS
Debian(amd64) Wheezy downgrading libsqlite3-0
How to know what packages I'm missing?
Having some trouble authenticating via proxy in order to use apt-get successfully on a corporate network
SSH and certificates - how to connect?
Generate a certificate signing request for an SSL server
Downloading file through SSH with a "proxy" machine inbetween
Avoid mutt sending mail with too many entries in To: or Cc: fields
MD soft-raid to replace fake raid: How to get rid of old metadata?
How do you count the total number of hard links within a directory?
Is there any standard for naming RS-485 tty devices/device aliases in Linux?
Distinguish a command not a native second transmitter
task_vector vs task_struct concept
Download a URL containing a token query string
Why "hexdump" displays a new empty line?
How to restrict the X11 forwarding access on CentOS 6.5 for specific users?
is it safe to run e2fsck -y /dev/sdXX on hdfs files
Loading a kernel module at run time using "compatible" property of device node in device-tree
How to print the second column of many files?
"[ - abc=10 ]" vs "[ – abc = 10 ]"
How to mount a xfs volume to centOS 7 ec2 instance /home directory
Touchpad lost arbitration / freezes
How to give Sysfs attribute write permissions?
Proper and reliable way to check for a running process on AIX 7.1.0 in KornShell
keep CentOS 7 from sleeping
How can I remove hundreds of users generated by a script?
expect script not working in for loop
Is TTY only a metaphor in modern day Linux systems?
How to run pkg upgrade on FreeBSD without downloading any data?
Fingerprint-GUI only working as root?
Compile ffmpeg with hwaccel
Are there any conventions for the name of global variable that holds function's result?
symlink not is recursive
Tcl regexp: How to check if variable contains number?
Using find to look for a directory and remove its subdirectories
?z waiting to receive.**B0100000023be50 when I use rz to upload file
Why the shell does not terminate when pressing Ctrl+C on the terminal?
Prevent terminal from displaying previously executed command
Fedora 19 Installation issue
How to force applications to not start maximised in Awesome WM?
How to Provide login delay in ssh
size option in find(version 4.4.2) does not understand kilo prefix
How do I see the contents of a drive in Debian command line?
How to determine what user was used to start Apache Tomcat last (or last few times)
Change terminal type for screen over a serial connection
Gedit not saving settings - Fedora 21
HP Microserver Gen8 (Intel Celeron G1610T) with Ubuntu Server 14.04?
Jabra BIZ 2400 USB HeadSet doesn't output sound
Investigating Active MemInfo
Ctrl-z doesn't work in vi launched from Gnome terminal
How do I test if an item is in a bash array?
How do I write a bash script to report machine states and conditionally ping them?
Hash different, is it safe?
How to install Debian GNU/Linux on HP Chromebook 14? USB boot doesn't works!
Linux Mint - Windows 8.1 Boot problem
Need to insert single quotes in text file for use as SQL query using sed
Where to locate resolv.conf file in CentOS 7
Selectively record commands and output from terminal to MySQL table
How to use variables in sed command
Including Directories in Locate on Mac OS X
rebuilding my grub2 menu based on my one installed kernel
Linux on HP Laptop
Recover audio CD after safecopy
Fedora 16 'yum update' not working
How to use passed-in parameters for shell script?
Updating my version of php to the latest 5.5 version
Run an application at each system boot in Arch Linux
Add extra (dropdown) field to gdm3 greeter
Wireless server only allows a single client
Clone monitor on HDMI without changing laptop display resolution
How to install UNIX In a virtual machine?
Can I copy multiple directories into a single directory with a single command?
USB bus number changes on reboot
How can I reduce the TCP connection time for web resource requests at the OS level?
How do I know which version of Debian I'm running?
What is the difference between all of these Debian version numbers?
Configure power button to shutdown on Debian/Mac Mini G4
add new category to Applications
Debugging ssh: slow, but fast with -t
Cannot ping from CentOS 7 host, but I can browse and lookup domain name
howto setup dokuwiki parallel to owncloud
ping localhost sometimes fails with sendmsg: Operation not permitted
Changed SSH port without allowing it through firewall, locked out now - what to do?
GLIBC not loading even after source compilation
ecryptfs: auto-umount does not work
Desactivating touchpad with one keystroke
Puppet agent certificate error after rebuilding openstack instance
using puppet to format a disk/volume
Can I configure a touchpad to act as modifier keys in some circumstances?
mysql-workbench error while loading shared libraries (libzip.so.2)
VPS not resolving DNS names
DNS problem with ipv6 on centos6
grep -f failing on a file edited in Windows
Rsyslog receiving from multiple hosts and saving to different files
While loop with result from function - BASH
Jump to Link In W3M
Changed ownership of entire os to root:root
logrotate : size mentioned 2000M in connf still logs size is more than 2000M
Installing PostgreSQL 9.0 on RHEL 6.4 (How to get Yum to Include a version of OpenSSL I built from source)
rc.local with read will not echo key strokes
Suddenly lost all cronjobs
What is a good way to get inverted colors for most text-display purposes?
Merging large data set in fastest possible way
Parallel vs Distributed vs Traditional File system
Create single executable file from directory
What iptables command do I need to allow web server traffic?
How to configure gpg2 to pass smartcard PIN unless pinentry programm?
How to use paste command for many files whose names are not numbers? (paste columns from each file to one file)
What does /usr/bin/install do besides copying?
Factor is too large
kernel config with strange dependancies
no install buttons in extensions.gnome.org
What does % utilization mean in htop if only 1 process can execute at a time?
Where is <libraryname>.pc?
Focusrite Scarlett 8i6 With linux mint
Monitor outgoing web requests as they’re happening
Invalid mail alert
Using sed to remove string from list of files fails
Why X server runs on TTY1 and not TTY7 on Arch Linux?
ncurses-devel problems in SuSE Linux Enterprise Desktop 11
Freebsd equivalent build-essential
How to set permissions for user to smb mount with fstab?
Would you store the Makefile for later uninstallation?
Are autotools and cmake intended to be used by application users or developers?
Chromium does not Render webpage (arm)
bonding mode4 without 802.3ad switch support
Installer for applications in LInux
How can I run a KDE plasma script from command line without GUI?
update nm-applet settings on Ubuntu command line
rEFInd not seeing Windows 8.1
Problems installing Chrome in SLED 11
Ubuntu freeze after upgrade installation interrupt
Recover single file in the $HOME directory
How do I highlight commas not followed by a space in vim?
Conditional block vs conditional statement (if)
Build Mini Linux and Embedded Linux
Rfkill refuses to unblock the WiFi device
Redirect VI command output to a file
Apache : Close entire site to public but display a custom page
Maximum memory usable by a 32 bit RHEL 6 system
Should I define a separate partition to share files with Windows?
Show only files which name starts with a specific letter
Tmux not setting $HOME
How can I manage docker group in freeipa?
How to convert the manpages of git and its subcommands into a pdf file?
Linux Mint touchpad not working on dual boot with windows 10
How to install latest git on Debian 8?
Paste clipboard as text into keyboard buffer
How do I clone only my Linux partition from my 500Gb HDD to a 250Gb SSD?
Setting up a netbook for a visually impaired senior
Bad interpreter error trying to execute a script
Storing application passwords in central location
Bash scripting to process an experiment data file
Does the the Thinkpads still gets bricked when installing linux?
String cutting in Unix
What is the purpose of numbered Info files?
How to install AMD Catalyst 15.12 (fglrx 15.302) on Kali 2.0 (Sana)?
How can I run speech to text and save the result in a variable?
Serial port - no output Penmount DMC9000
Access directory on Linux machine from a Windows 7 machine over WAN
merge duplicate rows in columns
how to list all the epoll requests in linux
mount overlayFS as Read-Write FS
Access folder created in windows
Installing Linux on hard disk that will be used by another computer with different hardware
Make synergy work between qemu host and guest
configure: error: libarchive not found
lsof -p PID vs lsof | grep PID
No network capabilities in CentOS
bash extract a substring from "1.2.3-SNAPSHOT"
Is it possible to change the default window animation in Gnome Shell (preferably to fade in/out)?
Encoding of a zip file
NAT with transparent proxy
scp hangs on SSH2_MSG_SERVICE_ACCEPT received
Bash: pair up two series of files
Highest Columns Number Records Issue
xargs combined with bash -c with multiple placeholders
Possible to make mbsync (isync) update multiple multiple IMAP folders at once?
Why is journalctl reporting "PCIe Bus Error" BadTLP and BadDLLP?
Online resource to get|find a list of available packages in Debian?
how to pass the file containing the file name as argument
Does "rm -rf $dir" ever return false?
How to check number inputs in the Linux shell?
Having problems changing umask in csh
Remove two columns of a SQL insert command in a dump file
Check user's password with a shell script
ImageMagick/GraphicsMagick: How to merge/composite multiple (3+) images without temp files in a single step?
Evaluate command stored in Environment variable
Sed not working
Can't change password without knowing current password (even as root)
Cannot remove module nvidia nvidia-uvm in order to install drivers
Screen turns off after 10 minutes and I can't find out why
Is it possible to mount ~/.ipfs folder to an external drive?
How do I interpret the output of intel-gpu-top and intel-gpu-overlay?
How to handle accents with enscript?
Creating a new VM in VirtualBox that run on CentOS & Windows 10
Running a program that's been compiled with gcc
ubuntu package version management
How to extract unique values from column #x with its corresponding values of column# y?
How to skip a directory when I am setting up permissions using find?
socat: calling from script, bashrc or systemd?
What is the format name to have a MP4 video as output in ffmpeg?
GRUB starts in command line after reboot
How to extract a string based on a regex match from a unformatted file
how can I ask p7zip via CLI to batch zip directories into their respective compressed archives
getent shadow shows password hashes for some users
Processing paths in m3u file
Fingerprint scanner is detected and seems to be functional, but never matches fingerprint
Remove secondary IP with NetworkManager / nmcli
What's wrong with this Nautilus script?
Understanding USB message logs to troubleshoot USB automounting
delete bash hash for particular executable path
cut only date and time from given input string-- Input string is Cpmplete sting such as 05-09-2018-10.13
SUDO requiring tty
More efficient way of finding missing number
Command similar to 'yes' but that outputs newlines?
grep stringset matching after certain word
Split file into 4 chunks using macOS version of split package
Ethernet not being detected from USB 2.0 adapter
Failing IF in a WHILE loop in BASH script that checks for open 22 ports
Samba - persmission denied problem
VBoxLinuxAdditions.run caused and error: incompatible type for argument
Realtek AR8812AU Driver crashes Graphical Login in Kali Linux
Chromebook Linux hardware issues
Is there any sh code that is not syntactically valid bash code?
How to schedule a C program to execute at a certain time then email output?
How to use customized .conf file instead of ssl.conf in centos7 httpd
Move all files with matching prefixes to folder based on a csv list
Linux given a timestamp, how to get the timestamp X days ago?
How to find invalid characters?
How to setup nvmetcli for FC loopback mode?
httpd not reading the document root in conf/httpd.conf as expected
What is the purpose of "~" in the command "sed 's~ ~~g'"?
Centos abruptly restarts - same main process killed by TERM signal everytime
How to get package dependency tree for offline download when you have no internet access on linux
Command with pipeline and redirection
Used < size and no available space, even after reboot
shell is not substituting the variable values
Custom Error messages in Exim
My wifi is hard blocked in Ubuntu, how to bring it up despite rfkill
What rule prevents entering a user namespace from inside a chroot?
OpenLdap 2.4 ACL
Why does "xinput list" work just like "xinput --list"?
How to add the logs to a crontab with time stamp
Write In A File at Specific Location
After upgrading the kernel, the sound no longer works
How to control the permission of an application
switch to an existing Terminal Emulator using command (wmctrl) or shortcut key
How to deliberately fragment a file
How can I get the netmask from an IP address?
Resuming screen with UTF8 enabled breaks character input
Can I configure things to open new windows on the left screen?
Disabling or changing console switching keys
Why does Linux allow ‘init=/bin/bash’?
how to deal with keyboard-greedy apps
How do you properly fork a Linux distro?
What should I teach in my Linux class?
How do I restart apache as non-root (using a git-hook)?
Non-distro specific, linux tweaking, hacking and learning support IRC
Saving files on lost focus in Vim
What program will save a fillable PDF?
Adding a user who can only execute scripts remotely
Looking for "Camera Mouse" for Linux
Linux kernel headers' organization
How to disable shutdown so that an important process cannot be interrupted?
">/dev/null 2>&1" in `if` statement
My laptop is not able to recover from suspend and hibernate
Why dialog doesn't support emacs shell on Debian?
Are there disadvantages in SSH tunneling?
What determines the path where the system searches for a file?
Installing Epson Stylus SX115 printer on Archlinux
Shell Prompt Customization?
Trying to Open a Port using CentOS
Ctrl+Alt+F8 meaning
Cannot set up screen panning in Ubuntu with xRandR which states that it cannot find the modes
Can I create a man page for a script?
How to print keypresses in .inputrc format?
How to remove an empty directory (btrfs filesystem)?
How to change mixing of channels by pulse audio / alsa
Cannot lock group file: already locked
Why Nethogs won't see the PID of the processes the generating some NFS traffic?
centOS on a flashdrive
Disable GUI on BeagleBone Black running Debian
How to display every message in a thread with at least one new message?
sudo source: command not found
How do I resolve an error when booting, "Couldn't find device with UUID...."
Monitor all login attempts
How to enable both built-in audio output and HDMI audio output with PulseAudio?
What is the difference between ~ and / in paths
No such device: grub rescue
Disable Gnome on boot in Antergos
FFMPEG stream won't show up on Justin.tv
How to extract bookmarks from a pdf file
What is the terminal width by COLUMNS?
How do I make apt pick a certain package from a specific source?
mount luks volume through pam with gdm
ERROR: Failed to build gem native extension on Arch (postgresql)
How can one ensure bandwidth is not hijacked?
If statements into Array
How to replicate basic configuration tasks?
Remap "Show the Overview" to control in Gnome ( Fedora 20 )
What config changes are being tracked by aureport?
How can I ignore KDE's power-saving features for certain programs?
How to measure network traffic usage?
privoxy blocks all traffic on browser configured to use 127.0.0.1:8118 proxy url
Can we find page count of a file in Unix/Linux?
Locked myself out of Amazon EC2 SSH - This service allows sftp connections only
Linux mint 19.1 not recognizing dedicated GPU
Why do I need to give the whole key when trying to delete a public keypair?
How to get DHCP info from DHCP Client to DHCP Server
MV exclude folder not working
Not being able to install anything or use apt-get update from the terminal
Buildroot date is wrong
My GTK# 2.0 Application only starts from MonoDevelop. I can't start it outside of MonoDevelop (i.e with the mono command)
ls reports nonexistent files first, ignoring the specified order
Extracting file name with spaces using awk
kernel TCP/IP implementation - about accept queue
Is Chrome OS supposed to restart on login screen?
Woes installing PIL
Run multiple commands after pipe
Complex string replace - multiple files, multiple different strings, must include certain text
Rename filename from weird character
Issue with correct syntax of /etc/fstab
How to automate a series of keystrokes involving two GUI applications
fastest way to subsitute on 10GB file for multiple expressions
Xfce4 terminal input buffer issues
Installing Debian packages from Stretch DVD 2 and 3 after installation using apt?
Block MAC for a port iptables
scp recursively directories on SunOS
Output of command not in stderr nor stdout
What has happened to the file when I entered "mv file.txt ../"?
Unable to login to my server using ssh
What's the use dirsync option for mount?
Extend my LVM After Upgrading SSD
can't connect to dnsmasq on local machine, port is open but connection refused
Restrict two way SSH and Apache authentication to non-local networks
Does using UEFI increase battery life?
Adjust mouse wheel sensitivity in Fedora / Gnome
OpenBSD, NVIDIA, and Xorg
Fix keyboard chattering/bouncing on the software side
iptables: multiple exclusions on port forwarding
Grub2 keyboard layout when decrypting partition
Unable to install the selected kernel
Shell wildcards and dot files
Is there any utility or procedure available to dm-crypt my existing live data in place to make a full disk encryption
how to make Tabs Outliner, for Chromium Browser, popup on mouse move to screen edge?
How to install X11 on my own Linux Buildroot system?
Regular Expression for finding double characters in Bash
BASH reading txt file and storing in array
davmail systemd launcher on headless server
SSH disconnects when screen locked with vlock
How to find packages only which package name equal to text with aptitude?
head command options and reading man files
USB Drive Software Disk Mirroring - Is this the right approach?
Checksum on Network drive is really slow
Reading Linux distribution name from filesystem or command
preventing the screen from being cleared when exiting an ssh session
How to record every transaction using Bash
Difference between 2>&-, 2>/dev/null, |&, &>/dev/null and >/dev/null 2>&1
How do I remove leading zeroes from output of 'date' or avoid octal interpretation of such decimal numbers?
Create and open file with one command?
Should I use LILO or GRUB or other?
How to get top 5 most ram intensive applications from Bash?
Outgoing firewall application similar to Little Snitch for Mac
Can I pipe stdout on one server to stdin on another server?
Form an unstructured record into structured record in UNIX script
How to use the bash shell with Python in place of /bin/sh
bash: syntax error near unexpected token `;'
Monitoring data flow to /dev/null for a given process
find the word that appears the most at the beginning of a line from entire paragraph
Copying files from Bootable USB to local Drive in %post script of kickstart
After installing Android x86, only tGrub showing when booting
Shell shows I have mail, but how can I check it
how to edit next line after matching pattern and append the line if doesn't exist
The snapshot is masked, not in raw colors
backup file locally in shell script
Why is npm struggling to connect to the internet on my Arch?
Search a file in unix system
VPN clients not reaching Internet
What would cause itermittent internet connectivity on my server?
Syntax error when exectuting bash shell script from busybox
can RandR display two parts of the same screen on one display?
Recover keyboard layout
Installing TOR on ec2 instance
How to get epoch time with trace-cmd (frontend for ftrace)?
Unable to install amarok on CentOS 7
Don't wait for audio stream with ffmpeg/avconv using named pipes
NUT upsrw ERR READONLY
Parallel read the contents of a zipped file without extraction
Running Application Automatiacally
How quickly/often are process memory measurements updated in the kernel?
check log file if job status is not started
Where can I find information about which Linux distributions/versions come with the Fuse kernel module?
Start two X servers on boot on RHEL
/etc/environment doesn't apply to all users on Debian Jessie
Achieving per-packet multipath ip routing on Kernel >= 4.4
Display disk space needed for upgrade
Can I, with a single cut command, create two output files for the two fields of my input file?
limit find output AND avoid signal 13
Remotely monitor network traffic of servers
How to merge multiple hard drives?
Create Script from Bash Script using here-document; why does my variable get replaced?
How to extract part of filename in awk script
Disabling mouse in Vim disables indentation
how do I install GRUB into the ESP with efibootmgr?
Redshift in gnome on wayland on Debian
How to set environment variable in supervisord using output from a file
Is there a trick to build docker container with privilege option?
Low-level Process analysis for getting instruction size, runnable dependencies
Get peak CPU usage for a process
Skip logrotate for stopped/disabled applicactions
x11vnc just remote keyboard no screen
retrieve array of integers from text file without duplicates
Where is the pin-priority for debian-backports defined?
forcing sudo on remote rsync server
Screen lag spikes when WiFi on
Ubuntu 18.04 New Netplan / IP Configuration (pointopoint?)
unable to access value of variable outside loop to get count
how is it possible that which -a shows two paths?
pulseaudio - simultanious - add two devices
Apple Mac / Pop!OS keyboard issues
Can I make Qemu exit with failure on kernel panic?
Debian 9: Is there any GUI to add OpenConnect VPN-connection in ConnMan?
List of well-known environment variables?
Change active keyboard layout programmatically in Gnome3 on Arch
Can Pulse Audio emulate a virtual PC Speaker?
getfacl says my unprivileged account should be able to read the contents of a dir, but it can't
Give different users access to different sub folders
record audio on Linux - stop generating output automatically
Odd behavior when trying to match hyphens with grep 2.27
df and stat -f difference in blocks count for ext4 filesystem on LVM
How do I print line if a pair of columns matches neither of 2 strings
Should a package always be purged before upgrading?
Is there any way to unzip the file in linux without being through the "unzip" command?
telnet doesn't prompt "Connection closed by foreign host." when connection is cut off
How to setup a domain name for my website hosted on ubuntu?
FreeBSD 11.1 install fails and reboot
Looped sed statement - weird output
U-Boot: Error: "autodetectfdt" not defined
Show a small key icon when the prompt asks for a password
lvextend to extend root in RHEL 6
Deleting a range of n lines before and after a matched line in sed?
Unable to modify LD_CONFIG_PATH from script
Why is sudo required for every sudo executed executable?
Is there a right way to use one VPS backup file to build a clone VPS with it?
How can I list the available color names?
bash - replace space with new line
MySQL refuses to uninstall
Can't boot into windows if it's not the first HDD in boot order (Linux)
Convert a .docx to a .pdf with pandoc
udev rule for bluetooth device Logitech
How to have console messages in English?
How can other processes affect measurements made with `time`?
Copy file while replacing text in it
Setting ulimit correctly for PHP on Linux
The meaning of output of pmap
Send email from external email id such as Gmail, Outlook to Unix user account
Mouse cursor disappearing after running gnome-settings-daemon in OpenBox
how does blktrace work?
why does blktrace only write blocks of 8?
Directory structure for mounted disks in network storage
Is setting a higher nice level for a process an effective way to reduce its impact on system load/CPU time?
How to give permissions to other user after logging as root in Linux?
List of error messages available for a command in Unix
Is symlink's target relative to the destination's parent directory and if so, why?
wget not excluding nested directory
tar restore --listed-incremental timestamp is in the future
Why does cron use MTA to send emails, while we use MUA to send emails?
QEMU - Ubuntu Guest on Ubuntu Host - Install works, reboot doesn't
Replace $ with word "dollar"
using sed command to get after a /
Samba is constantly writing to HDD
Alternatives of ls: dir and vdir
How to copy all files in all directories with specific filename to one destination?
/bin/sh: xscale_be-gcc: command not found
Only copy files from a particular date from s3 storage
How to use Libudev to find out which ports are connected to my Usb
Transformation of output of CPU usage
Processing command parallel per batch
Sometimes wget just hangs, when it should just restart with --continue
FreeBSD - how to exclude some pattern with grep?
curl download file and name it <custom-name>.<provided-extension>
Cannot install Debian Stretch kernel headers
online processor in nproc
How to get those features in Netplan with Ubuntu?
Why doesn't sed -i work with /proc/PID/fd/FD
Not able to login into Ubuntu account due to moved home directory
Howto see messages that are subject to net_ratelimit?
set -eux instead set -x in Bash profile for global debugging
MAXWEEKS on Solaris is equals to 13
recursion in bash going infinite loop
Are there any good tutorials for NetBSD and daemontools?
Prevent libflashplayer.so from deleting a file?
Viewing system console messages in GUI
What does "warning: override: VZ_FAIRSCHED changes choice state" mean?
How do I add newlines between lines printed on the command line?
Resources System V vs BSD
Installing new kernel (by commandline) as side of old kernel and effective configuration of ' menuconfig'
Preseeding Ubuntu installation so it uses all the disk
Prevent KDE and Gnome from showing eachothers icons in the menu
error using "du" command
How to run “sudo apt-get update” through proxy in commandline?
What's an example use of the "Final component of the prefix" in a systemd unit name?
SSHD Denies access with password + google-authenticator combo
How to view ICMP Redirect Logs
How to page up and down in the Ctrl + Alt + F3 virtual terminal window?
su - <username> hangs if I added a line in /etc/bashrc
Connecting files like columns
find a pair of words that appear the most of the times together
allowing and banning cipher-suites apache2.2
Color rm -i prompt messages
How does LXC setup its root mount point?
Pipe viewer logging
how to speed up tar, just build a package without compression
How to disable network-connectivity-check on linux mint?
How to extract first line that matches pattern from a file and if pattern doesn't exist print fixed output?
Timeshift not restoring configurations and customizations
Alternative to autofs to mount CIFS folders in user home folders in multi-user environment
Getting number of failed login attempts since last successfull
Uniq Descending Sort in a column
How do I add this field?
Usage details of ahostsv4 in linux
Trying to setup port redirection through 2nd gateway
setroubleshootd showing ~100% CPU utilization
What is the equivalent of localhost in Debian using nginx?
problem when generating backup of the root folder with rsync
How is the Linux git repo related to other distribution git repos (such as Ubuntu)?
Elementary OS boot problem on dual boot system
Making appointments in Calcurse without using interactive CLI interface
Error using ps2pdf
About the regex '(\ba\b) \B\1\B'
Why do I have to add a /128 ipv6 address explicitly to a device if I have a /64 already?
HP-UX swinstall error "INDEX file on the source did not exist or could not be read." with a hand-crafted depot
How do i split a file into small files each time i encounter the value '20' in 9 and 10 columns
Counting the number of fields in a column that are consecutively same
Automatically Run Multiple Command over SSH on multiple devices
Mounting BTRFS in RHEL 8
Mounting fails due to inactive Unit
Why did opening a large text file hang my entire system, not the editor?
Why does my systemd service not start on boot, but can it be started manually?
Finding which process is modifying the network
Lock screen is frozen when waking from suspend with lid closed
Where to find a documentation on Apt return values on error?
How to enable root logical volume in systemd-boot
How to add a hide button to XFce panels?
How secure is 666 as file-permission for a socket-file on web server
SSH only working shortly after router reboot
How to use AWK select the file name in URL?
debian simple-cdd adding a firmware package
SElinux package removes grub-efi
vnc gray screen on debian 10 gnome 3
Performing job array by reading in file paths from a text file
How do I log process activity in linux with the least amount of interference (i.e. reduce observer effect)?
syntax error in an Ansible YAML playbook to download apache http in my localhost
Transparent proxy (including https) that authenticates to another proxy, in a NAT?
Sort alphabetically into different files
How does 'ssh <destination> exit' terminate the session?
Manjaro/Arch: Disabling IRQ #31 on Thinkpad X1 7th
ddrescue Understand
Trace library on Fedora
Booting a linux kernel in Oneplus3 device
Bash array length - my code always gives 1 or 0 but should have infinite varaibility
Permissions problem with remote mount
What are the alternatives to swpackage?
Count the number of TRUEs in a field, reporting the field number, number of TRUEs, and label (large or small) count
Chat from one system to another in a terminal
Can I do a delay delivery in Thunderbird or Evolution
How to interrupt uninterruptible program?
`ip addr` in one-line per interface
Excluding a folder from deleting empty files with find
How to force a file system check on the next boot of the root file system on Gentoo running systemd?
How to change specific keys in the keyboard?
edit module requirements when compiling kernel
Why gnome-terminal tells me "There is still a process running" while logged in as root?
Urxvt and tmux - set window title
Group by Functionality on Mac Address
Telnet check in bash script
how to pipe output from git commands into unix diff utility?
How to install openjdk properly?
Delete files in /var/cache to save space
Dell ePort Plus II (K09A002) not recognized under linux
Is it possible to install Xen on a computer (processor supports virtualization) alongside Ubuntu and Windows?
Is it possible to run a Linux distro within a VM on Qubes OS?
How can I use multiple if statement inside another if statement of a awk program?
Sed Replace Around Numeric Content
Replace fields in file inline
Matching "keyword value" pairs from semi-structured input
Resource (CPU time and memory) limitation and termination of a process upon violation in Linux
USB Disk Read-only, cannot format - Turn off write-protection
Installing Postfix conflicts with MySQL-server package
Not able to install any package or software on Linux 64-bit
Pass 'typed text' from bash interactive shell to a command
lsusb shows USB devices that are not connected
netstat pipe count host
Interrupt bash infinite while loop with read
"Quit and restart" control code?
List repositories from private docker registry
How do I crash Ubuntu Linux 14.04 LTS deliberately?
What is the difference between Uni1, Uni2, and Uni3 terminal font codesets?
cpu temperature is higher than usual after installing xubuntu
How to remove a file that can be seen but no program can seem to touch?
ubuntu document reader for acrobat pdf forms
Log out goes to black screen
Grep unix for a data to find out result
Random sampling and outputting the largest value
font weight in emacs doesn’t work
How to install Software Center on Kali Linux:
Shebang does not set SHELL in cron
How can I make a bash script that determines if a program is already running
Why is using && 75 times faster than if...fi and how to make code clearer
Behaviour of 1>&0 in bash
Creating FTP User who doesn't get 403 on created folders/files - Ubuntu
Lossless conversion of MPEG ADTS MP3 to normal MP3
Test if valid executable
Why is 2 of every 10 keystrokes in X11 missing?
How to configure apcupsd to leave UPS running after server shutdown?
Updating/installing non-system-critical applications
What uses Linux "application memory"?
Sendmail on hpux: error dsn 5.0.0
USB-Insert Authentication for Linux
How do I merge (without copying) two directories?
How do I compile the latest apache2 on ubuntu using the original layout, configuration and configure options
How can I list hidden directories, then directories, then hidden files and finally files with ls?
Why does uninstalling sendmail install exim, and uninstalling exim installs xmail?
How do I export visiting cards onto one page?
Is the directory that a file-system is mounted on (mount point) a device file of the file system's type?
Eye of Gnome (EOG) - Modify Shortcuts
Backspace and CTRL commands print question marks
Accidental deleted partition with gparted
Speeding up Recursive FTP
Is there a way to redefine the navigation keys for tmux copy mode?
Merge some tab-delimited files
what directory is used to execute "expr" command,what holds it process-id and log record
Linux - On boot do push-button-connect to strongest wireless
Run multiple XServer instances on the same machine on different processor cores
three linux servers serving one website?
empty 70-persistent-net.rules on SuSe 13.1 and ethernet device called eno1
Remove Cinnamon read-only theme
mv: No such file or directory error even though directory most certainly exists
Finding Servers Public IP and Allowing Remote Access
Toshiba Satellite C55 -C5241 WiFi configuration on Debian 8 with Gnome 3.14
Not getting 3d acceleration on one of two GeForce graphic cards
Clear to end of line uses the wrong background color in tmux
Secure way to back up systemd logs
Virtualbox - how to give Internet access and internal network access to two VMs?
Change a file's access-, change- and modify-dates to same past date
jobs / wc: getting weird return values
Cost efficiently pair each line with lines of another file
is linux redirect ">>" slower with bigger files?
df -h shows fs size smaller than LV size
Lost space in LVM
Desktop interface for new Linux user
get environment variable by variable name?
How to tell wget to download files with url encoded names?
how to block ip addresses using the whois command
Colon breaks the variable subsitution
Xfce4 WaveLAN plugin doesn't work - permission problem?
how to execute commands (remote, asynchronous, pull)
All network traffic go through OpenVPN
Assign output to variable in Shell
create a virtual machine from the CLI? (KVM)
Error 403, while trying to access directory using nginx on the webrowser
hcitool lescan (Bluetooth LE or any bluetooth scan) in docker under Non-Privileged & Non-host Network mode is possible?
How to make apt ignore unfulfilled dependencies of installed package?
sudoer - allowing user to change password of all but specific accounts
How to enable write access in internal hard drive in ubuntu 17.10?
Using a CLI after deleting all shells (rbash, bash, dash, and sh)
Creating multiple WiFi clients with a single wireless interface
How to check which files got merely hardlinked or actually copied by `rsync`?
Version Control System
gdb hangs on "quit()"
Use KVM to run Asterisk on AWS?
CentOS new repositories install
Windows CIFS mount error "Function not implemented" or error -11 or -5
How to delete one of two users with the same name?
auditd misses execution on some commands
Is iptables string matching still supported?
Displaying system information at graphical login prompt
Detecting bad antenna vs bad ssid/password with dhclient/ifconfig
Apache2.4 on Centos - allow specific IPs to skip authentication - not working
iwlwifi error while installing kali linux
What is the difference between /etc/group and /etc/subgid?
virt-install --disk size=10 does what?
Portably determine listen ports in shell script
Opening daemon specific ports
high cpu usage when executing scripts on rhel 7 VM coming from rngd
Why doesn't sshd care that a user doesn't own their home directory when their login has no password?
How to avoid wrapping in bc output
assign number of output lines to a variable
Is it bad to call an ioctl from within an ioctl?
Error running touchegg
How can I protect my Linux system from future ramsomware's attack?
Why do daemons store their PID (process id) in a file?
Two interrupt handlers for the same driver
Why "." is required copying a file from one directory to another directory?
RAID 5 built using mdadm starts in degraded mode. Is this normal?
Cross Linux method to detect screensaver or locked screen running
How to renew an expired keypair with gpg
How to troubleshoot jack detection in Pulseaudio
How to setup and use yowsup-cli to to get Whatsapp authentication code?
Can an X video driver be restarted/reinitialized without losing the session?
Whenever I try to boot a Linux Distro from a USB it goes to an eternal black screen
Random system Freezes on two different machines in the same room
SSD dedicated to swap-only fails on Debian or Ubuntu
output both stderr and stdout on console and store them in a file at same time
Installing MySQL on CentOS throws error that cannot find mysqld.sock
AmSynth 1.5.1 with jack and alsa (JACK init failed: error: could not open ALSA MIDI interface)
Firefox ESR 31.2.0 on Gentoo Linux mangles ligatures "ff", "fl", "fi" and "ffl"
Why cannot we kill a zombie?
How to Install Microsoft Windows OS if already have Ubuntu 12.04 installed
Why does bash set $? (exit status) to non-zero on Ctrl-C or Ctrl-Z?
How shall I understand "." in filename expansion?
Multiple sites with Proftpd Vhosts on the same port 21?
Help testing special file in `/sys/class/net/`
Compiler for 32-bit LSB MIPS MIPS32 architecture
How do I browse files/music after connecting my iPhone5s to Debian via `bluetoothctl`?
Vagrant libvirt provider on Fedora 23
Why doesn't this fairly simple "if" work?
Which is the best Linux Distro for Graphics Programming
Difference between ! vs !! vs * in /etc/shadow
How do I list all lines after two subsequent patterns are matched up to when they don't
Linux Kernel - Wacom Tablet (CTL-490DW-S) - Lockout
Can I read the public SSH key of another user?
"rcu_preempt detected stalls on CPUs / tasks" message appears to continue
What is the purpose of the 'ssh' group?
Parsing a C string literal in shell
setgid sticky bit not working
Dead key functionality with US-Intl layout in Fedora 23
Determine the name of the static/dynamic library
/etc/environment: /root: Permission denied
Why are all files incoming via FTP erased into empty files?
How to grow filesystem to use unallocated space in partition?
Bad substitution trying to rename extension
how to exclude string that include space by "grep -v"
How to make the Windows guest machine use more the one CPU?
Explanation of file - org.freedesktop.login1.policy
Why I cannot purge mono-devel on Ubuntu Linux 16.04?
how to load an LDAP client cert RHEL7 authconfig-tui
ZFS: send / receive with rolling snapshots
Printing to CUPS from Windows
If old MBR is used and there are already 3 primary partitions, how can I create two more partitions with "parted"?
Simplest standard way to print last bash command with timestamp
Bridged networking problem with Xen 4.6 and Ubuntu 16.04
Read file upon .bashrc startup, based on date
Stuck on laptop logo on statup
Missing apt-get package for pine64
How to check UFS filesystem on SPARC with Linux?
Is the openjdk-r ppa trustworthy enough to install on server?
New keybindings in ZSH are not saved
How to skip printing (say) the 2nd line of a file?
zsh, modularity,multiple .zsh files and oh-my-zsh
CentOS7 SSH can't connect localhost?
How can I see precisely what files were added and changed by package installation?
Is there an elegant way to set a shell variable to the contents of a file?
Forwarding IP camera video through bridge
nftables ip set multiple tables
Why is my overlayfs command not working?
Internal disk failed with bad superblock, how to fix?
Why does modinfo say “could not find module”, yet lsmod claims the module is loaded?
Minimal Java installation for Linux with no GUI
Mysql server remove/install problem - horribily broken
How to count recursively for the number of files in several directories?
No lockfile creation in NFS setup
Highlighting command in terminal
Install the same 64-bit packages as a 32-bit Xubuntu installation
How to make any file and put contents in that using script
Run expect script from other shell
How to customize PS1 properly?
Centos 6.3 Server ignoring IGMP Queries
Protecting file system contents with TPM and Encrypted File System
aptitude current status warning
Wifi AP with ASUS USB-N10
How to get Xorg to use the wacom driver for my graphics tablet?
shell scripting escaping madness - sending single quotes to subshell
DenyHosts and no-ip.com
File owner must belong to file group?
Locate occasional CPU kernel hog
How to watch pgrep?
Establishing I/O Patterns for an Application
“Error getting identity: Forbidden” when trying to add Google account to fedora online-accounts
Problem in connecting server to Internet
Prevent Java to escalate CPU usage on Slackware64?
What are the other congestion control algorithms specially designed for lossy wireless networks like LTE and WiMax?
"/sbin/yast: fork: Cannot allocate memory" on openSUSE 10.1
What does "XOFF ignored, mumble mumble" error mean?
Using sudo in openSUSE without actually changing to root user (i.e., like in Ubuntu)
System sending SIGTERM and SIGKILL during normal work
Ubuntu: How to configure DNS servers in /etc/network/interfaces correctly for resolvconf?
Sharing /boot between two Ubuntu 12.04 Server installations?
systemd: automate modprobe command at boot time
Use dedicated per-user log file for cron and?
View temporary files which exist for milliseconds
unzip file, which directory was created?
I have a route to the network but from the traceroute output it doesn't leave the server
tc on bridge port
lpr printing wrong ASCII characters
How can I get notified by everything that happens in a specific channel in irssi?
403 Forbidden on Sub-Folders
Unknown btrfs error, partition won't mount
Connecting from OpenVPN Server to MySQL Server
Can't play music using Banshee on Arch Linux
RT3290 Wireless still not working
Why is `kill -s INT <zsh PID>` behaving differently from `Ctrl-C`?
Cannot create a partition after the 4th
Able to delete file without permission
How to start process as a specific user on boot
zsh wants to correct vim to .vim
How to make progress dialog for Bash in XFCE?
Console based torrent client supporting magnet link?
How to add a torrent to a running rtorrent download?
What is the best rtorrent.rc config for seeding?
File in Ubuntu equivalent to /etc/inittab file in RedHat
Help fix corrupt GRUB
How can I tell if sshd is running with ClientAliveInterval > 0?
Clicking on Gtk apps menu bar kills mouse
GUI not working in Ubuntu 11.04 after removing some packages
Problem with pam_mount and sshfs
Auto-login to internet script
What is the buffers column in the output from free?
Do VirtualBox or VMWare use the Intel VT-d feature?
XeTeX problem on Debian-based distro
Change default applications used by gnome-open, exo-open, xdg-open, gvfs-open and kde-open
top output: cpu usage > 100%
Arch + LXDE + lxdm -> INIT: Id "x" respawning too fast: Disabled for 5 minutes
VirtualBox Hangs when installing freebsd 9.0
automate gnuplot plotting with bash
proper way to overwrite debian kernel modules
Why does Alt+SysRq+B not always trigger while REISU do?
using "ifne" in Bash pipe
i3-wm not resizing screen resolution on login
Does root not require a password to log in as a user?
what's the right pattern to match my command
Permission denied when running logrotate with anacron
Virtual kernel memory layout in dmesg linux kernel 2.6.31
per-instance application settings in Openbox
Why does the read command not take interactive options when run by sh?
Mislocated bootloader is needed removed
in bash, read after a pipe is not setting values
Unpack, modify and pack initrd as a user
How to slice a text file into several files of 100 lines each?
How would I build a linux based router?
SSH Agent Forwarding on server
Replace selected characters
Bodhi installation hangs
Last data traffic time for a TCP socket
What units are the values in /proc/partitions and /sys/dev/block/<block>/size?
Delete nth line (when counted from the bottom)
Geany: disk full, file truncated
How to compare two different files line by line in unix?
Can't resolve domain with Unbound (DNSSEC problem?)
After updating pip gives an error
If I change a user's username and password on a server, should I still be able to remotely SSH in as this user without any other changes?
How to disable suspension in Linux Kernel 4.x
Oracle VirtualBox on Linux host with Windows guest running terribly slow
Openssh Questions
CentOS7 full disk encryption
How can I make a service running in Guest VM in VirtualBox accessible outside the VM
Grub menu booting issue
curl doesn't measure spent time properly
Problems While Installing Git in RHEL 7.6
How to convert RedHat 7 Raid 0 system from UUID to device (sda/sdb)
Is it possible to make bash support UTF-8 without any locale files installed?
Do any open source HTTP/HTTPS proxies exist that support PAC?
Find applications accessing certain memory address / trace memory access
How can I detect directories mounted via LDAP?
awk syntax error inside script while assigning it to a variable
Grub 2 multi image boot disk boots some images but restarts on others
To Rsync files where permission denied
Is there a command to deny an IP
What is the difference between a directory name that ends with a slash and one that does not?
Setting breakpoints remotely with gdb/gdbserver
How can I stop seeing hidden files in the Midnight Commander?
How do I set up bind mounts on startup correctly in the systemd world?
How to run modprobe for Wi-Fi at login?
Virtual NIC's in Linux?
how to replace a sed expression (change and print only matched line) with a perl expression?
Issues installing linux headers on Kali 3.18
Convert an ASCII file with octal escapes for UTF-8 codes to UTF-8
How to send a NDP message?
how to replace a sed/perl expression (change and print only matched line) with a python expression?
How to make this loop Ctrl+C-interruptible?
Launch node & chrome after system boot
How to backport microphone patches?
Two network interfaces (eth0 and eth1) of same linux machine can't ping each other
Firefox keeps asking me if I want to deactivate flash (on websites that don't have flash content)
Segmentation Fault when trying to mount ext(2,3,4) fs, from usb (openwrt)
How to get clipboard support on a Linux server without X11
Debian - disabling use mirror on preseed.cfg
Enabling proxy_arp for interface eth2.1
python && unix permissions (gitlab)
Wget: convert-links and avoid redownloading already fetched files?
Network Manager losing saved vpn passwords in Mint 17
Cannot reformat Micro SD Card
Xterm: No absolute path found for shell: 500
Install root SSL certificate
Not able to finish setting up LUKS
Wrong role and type on login
Fedora 23 how to install driver for BCM43142 802.11?
Xt error: Can't open display!
Do I need at least 3 machines to be able to work on CoreOS?
Use sed to find and keep only the lines with 2 alpha characters in them
How to install cpp in RHEL 6.3?
Restoring default ip rule
how to stop adding unused module to loadable kernel module?
CD Ripping Without Temporary Files
Auto completion for inaccessible directories
Don't execute a command with sudo, unless it's configured as password-free
Find executable files recursively
Cannot reach outside network or IP after upgrading to Ubuntu 12.04
Problem using awk
Transparently run wine programs
Where are sudo incidents logged?
Postfix rewriting subject for specific addresses
wget for recursive download of dxf files
vim editor on Linux: How to reduce numbering indentation
Main stacks in Linux
Network Configration on Virtual machine
Manually configure Link-Local IPV6 regardless of ISP
Wi-Fi problems using ASUS USB-N13 adapter (realtek)
OEL6 Slow boot && Millions of socket files in /tmp/orbit-gdm
Does GRUB2 support multi-line textual descriptions?
LVM cache and TRIM
Retrieve attribute value from xml with namespaces using xmllint
Symlink files to mirrored directory tree
How to find out which (not installed) package a file belongs to on NixOS?
usb Joystick Detected, but registers no input
How to make `script` start and end automatically when working in a certain directory?
PS1 prompt to show elapsed time
GDB - Call second program
size of directory reported by ls
dpkg-deb: error: control directory has bad permissions
Making vim the default editor when I double click a file
Renaming thousand files with similar names
What puts TCPMSS in iptables?
Proftpd Anonymous login?
xargs can't handle spaces in lines
Get and set IEEe 802.11 wifi protocol (a/b/g/n ...)
hdparm: SECURITY_SET_PASS: Input/output error
MariaDB: Create and grant a new user using unix sockets plugin (passwordless)
Remote app - bash: cannot execute binary file
MySQL Workbench warning when connecting to MariaDB
Imperfections in Andale Mono font in fbterm
Sendmail says it has sent, but doesn't actually send
how to edit author details for gitg?
How to convert an emoticon specified by a U+xxxxx code to utf-8?
See if a script is running when using #!/usr/bin/env
Can a wibox in Awesome-WM be setup vertically?
Simulate sed read command with awk
How to get this collation in sort?
LXPanel reconfigures itself after restart
Is it a good idea to run freenas 8 (inside virtualbox) on a lamp server?
How to print keyboard shortcuts in human-readable form?
Configuring multiple static IP addresses for a disk image
Puppy frugal install Harddisk Grub Problem
xdg-open ignores my application definitions
Script to let the user cancel a shell logout
How to rename multiple files by removing the extension?
Utility for sending HTML mail with attachments to a long list of emails?
Incomplete factory update makes btrfs filesystem unusable?
Centos 6.2 static IP: only getting IPV6 address and need IPV4
Linux sort second last column
How to set up FreeBSD for my region?
Install MultiUpload Extension in MediaWiki
Does "persistence" slow down boot and shutdown on a USB linux?
tail program output to file in Linux
Deploy libs in hard-coded dir
Terminal change keys
Why does the "du" command count in 4KB steps?
no network on domU in network-bridge configuration for Xen-4.0
How to create a user with limited RAM usage?
Slow system after running a KDE GUI application from a Debian Squeeze chroot
How can I pass output of one command as an argument to another
Which Gentoo should I download?
Stitch two JPEGs together into a PDF
OpenSUSE can only boot into Failsafe mode
How to quit Menu Item mode in the info command page
Is there a way of deleting duplicates more refined than fdupes -rdN?
Using a named pipe as ffmpeg/avconv's input for streaming
How to create initrd.img from initrd.lz
vsftpd filezilla timout error
~ is $HOME, but sometimes?
How to use comma as tmux's prefix
Linux crashing my DD-WRT router
How to count number of instance of a word starting at another word
Windows IDE for AIX application
Preprocess packets send to/from interface
bash: syntax error near unexpected token `('
setenv not working in tcsh
Is it possible to implement IPSec with failover between one pfSense firewall and Amazon VPC (no BGP)
Linux kernel dropping custom keyboard scan codes
Ping command results in packet loss
How close smartcard after sign rpm with GPG2?
I can't save files in /var/www/html
Compare the values of a column with all the values in another column
LVM not coming up after reboot, couldn't find device with uuid
Apache suexec won't work with strace
logrotate error "error: error opening /home/web/logs/dev.log.10: No such file or directory"
Build a package for Debian
sudo -u git clone
Understanding iostat with Linux software RAID
GTK: Specify application foreground and background color on command line
Is there any major difference when comparing a variable as a string or as an int
Replace columns using a shell
merge csv files by first column
Why does the same sed regex (after grep) fail when run in a bash script vs bash command line?
Help installing USB wifi drivers in Debian Wheezy
inotify does not work with linux kernel 3.4.11
Running unsigned javaws code
Merging files by rows
Controlling bash script concurrency, flock inheritance
Can't figure out why ssh_exchange_identification: Connection closed by remote host appear
Serial communication not working in both directions
monitor running services and ports
dansguardian not using syslog
Why isn't this crontab job running
sudo chown -R $USER:admin /usr/local - revert back to ROOT?
Trouble getting Exfat formatted drive to mount
not suceed in installing a self-built package using fpm
What is the difference between a windowing system and a window manager?
How do I use find to individually zip files in a directory?
Merging multiple files by row
Using several independent instances of Thunderbird
How do back-references match in sed?
Monitor Disk Usage per directory/file
Check ping statistics without stopping
How to disable CUPS service on reboot with systemd?
Why ls without -l return 1 when permission to directory is r--
Why does "export" not work in docker exec?
Automating postfix installation
Silent failure adding user to group
How to obtain only fully decompressed files in destination folder when decompressing zipped file?
Error with setcap CAP_SYS_TIME+ep /user/mybinaryprogram
Page cache behavior guarantees and log files
How to find out UDF version of a DVD in Linux?
apt-get ignores --assume-no
How to redirect website in restricted network through ssh tunnel
Disable "smart" window switch on debian fluxbox
How do I mount (and repair) broken an Casper-rw file?
UNIX: excluding patterns, contained in a file, from another file with grep
Docker Remote API Use case?
Way to test ssh connection
dpkg complains about a missing package which is already installed
Updating Python on CentOS
backports error while trying to get killer wireless-ac 1535 working in linux mint 17.3
yum install R dependency issue (RHEL 5.5)
stopping terminal command gnome-open from opening files as maximised
Cannot tunnel over ssh without command/getting shell
How to batch rename files by exchanging substrings in the filenames?
User Input Shell Script Syntax Error
exit code from a builtin shell command
Gnome finds no audio devices
Is there a way to delay irssi's channel re-join during reconnect until after auth has occurred?
Printing autocomplete info on current option in fish shell
SD Formatting problem
command to determine ports of a device (like /dev/ttyUSB0)
How to add a new line for a missing entry between two fields
-bash: android: command not found
svn: add all my new files and directories
awk regex matches wrong?
Delete IP address alias by label name
Problem when splitting command with backslash in unix prompt
How does xdg-open do its work
Interface Priority in the Face of VPN
Converting .odm to .odt
CentOS 6.4: SSH RSA key issue, "[...]== rsa-key-20140711\n failed"
External VGA monitor port not working on HP Elitebook 2540p running RHEL 6.5
setup sudoers to mount network shares and loop devices and misc
How to increase an FS using a LiveCD - that has SW RAID+LVM
Reading from /etc/environment with sudo
Grep finding phone numbers in files
Add a single key to to CA certificates from an automated script
bash - extract filenames from html file containing multiple links
What is "built-in" command in bash
Does "freshening" a zip file with the -FS option change the modification time of the file?
Why does this script work on Ubuntu, and not Debian?
Moving latest files from one directory to another
How to tidy up the .keywords file on a gentoo system?
Filtering images according to file name, why?
Openvz resource management
Create a tar archive of the current directory without preceding period
How to build an equivalent of littlesnitch or zonealarm under linux?
Is there a log for sshd where I can see who has used ssh to access my PC?
Converting and rescaling a lot of png images to jpeg
Is there a usable gui front-end to git on Linux?
Error with Vagrant creating 2 HDDs and installing mdadm for the later configuration of a RAID1
change partition label keeping filesystem
FIO benchmark replay fails in case of size 0
Clone / Duplicate Linux (Mendel/Debian) platform image
Xfce shifts open windows to the bottom of the screen when external monitor becomes disabled
Why am I not seeing as many page faults as I expect?
Debian 10 Upload too Slow
Search and Modify strings with Vim
Why does signal-desktop require 4755 with root:root on chrome-sandbox?
how do i recreate this msdos extended partition layout
Make a systemd unit read user-dirs.dirs
Renaming a Debian host via script: Need my work checked
How to determine KDE versions on a remote system accessed via SSH?
Can't boot Manjaro installer: failed to reset PPM
Can't get font to load in URxvt from .Xresources
Synaptics Touchpad effect of Tap delayed - Ubuntu 19.04
Linux TCP, how to debug unexpected delays writing a stream?
Turn on/off wifi radio when computer suspends/resumes
Sdcard readable but not readable on my computer... but readable from my camera
Build DHCP server ubuntu 16.04 on KVM
Function to find all files in a directory and list their filename, without the path, size and type?
bind variable and shell scripting with sqlplus
Symlinks doesn't change its timestamp when editing file
Why is rsync taking a long time on large files that already exist?
Can you force the SSH "watch" command to append the output instead of overwrite?
How can I provide an array as a file argument to a script, so that each element is like a line in a file?
How connected to a pc from an external network with ssh
Is there some tool for finding files in one directory but not in the other?
Troubleshooting ssh connection with RSA key
How to get my device recognized as an HID device?
Error with TP-link TL-Wn723n driver and 'sudo make install'
Is it possible to print a search pattern result just until it hits a blank newline in terminal?
GCC Compiler Error Again
can anybody share the thought process about having coredump in systemd?
Stale NFS File Handle why does fsid resolve it?
NVIDIA-SMI says it failed because it couldn't communicate with the NVIDIA driver
Meaning of ncat connection nc:connect message?
Is pattern `^-0+([0-9]+)` the same as `^-0+([1-9]+)`?
Is there a simpler way to create a symbolic link to a file in the current directory than by typing out the complete filepath?
What is calling my executable *.sh script?
dpkg: Upgrading depending packages (with the depended on possibly failing)
Download data from DropBox to remote server (via scp)
How is sendmail SMTP authentication logging controlled?
Is there a standard text mode tool to render heatmaps for arbitrary numeric matrix data?
How to configure a GRE tunnel for ubuntu?
How to set up secure LUKS partition from Live USB
Enabling Grub on Linux Mint 18.2 LUKS encrypted disk in dual-boot system
User missing from login greeter, despite `SystemAccount=false` in /var/lib/AccountServices/users file
How to list file descriptors of any command before it finishes?
IPFS Shared directory
How to copy tmux entire buffer to clipboard?
Starting wpa_supplicant via script in systemd not working properly
sed command to insert between two strings that are returned from another sed command
Sending Table using Mailx
Wi-Fi issues with Debian 9 (non-free drivers not working(?))
How to get the file's name and content in the terminal, for all files in a directory
Install GhostBSD from within FreeBSD
tcpdumping virtual network on the Oracle Virtual Server
Unix shell : substring with regular expression
Why does CTRL+U clear everything with zsh, not only the text before cursor, as expected
My computer freezes at random times, what information can I get to fix this?
Modifying text file using (g)awk
restrict access to the webcam to certain user/software on Ubuntu 16
slow autocomplete for cd in directory with many files
Install UniversalMediaServer on Linux Mint 19.1
how to mount from /mnt/hgfs to desktop
Linux clients can't login on samba share while windows and mac can (active directory env)
Does the kernel address region in user page tables need to be updated in an 64 bit system?
Can we use ftp in place of tftp in pxe boot
Is Linux from Scratch possible on BSD?
cpio fails to extract files
Merge multiple files with different extensions using a loop in bash script
Redirect http->https, but exclude subdomain
Who is causing extremely high CPU usage when writing to SSD?
Change default interface docker container
How can I open the Openbox applications menu from the Tint2 taskbar?
"sane_open returned: Invalid argument" with Brother Scanner but scanimage does work
make remote backup copy of a file belonging to root
Linux: why to execute a program first we need to copy current one?
How to restart "Run Command" in KDE Plasma 5
Objdump shows different symbols when disassembling and just printing symbols
Surface Pro 6 partitioning for NixOS Linux installation
How to draw HTML table having contain result of SQL query and send to mail in Shell script
Dynamic variable with dynamic results in bash
Error: Cannot find module 'pty.js'
Audio only plays out right channel
How am I able to use the command "sha256sum x.img" "without" a network connection, and get a hash-response?
Linux Mint Cinnamon: logging out of one user terminates X of other user
systemd: How to stop a start-job without limit
-eq operator not working as expected
match a string in two columns then print count AWK
Tcp connection packets ignoring network delays, ping shows delays
Which hardware is used by buffer
How to replace the line catch by bash script read line?
LXDE panel and desktop asks for confirmation every time I click an icon
Execute Python script located on remote Windows machine from Linux server
"cd" into /sys/kernel/debug/tracing causes permission change
Batch Rename Image Files
Distro to install on a PowerPC G4 after Debian dropped 32-bit PPC support
how to move fs resource in service group in ccs cluster
What is the location of the settings-file for the MPV on-screen-controller in newer version (2:0.29.1+git11~bionic)
QEMU: How to convert -net flags into -device & -netdev
Multiple Linux distros break BIOS fan control?
Kali Linux keeps getting stuck during Configuring the network during install from USB
Split ssldump output into multiple files for every incoming connection
Host refused connection when using ftp
Understanding grep -oP .... In a script
Regular expressions in grep
Output of df contradicts output of du?
Variations of the Same Command Return Same/Similar Result
difference between using sudo su - versus setting ALL in sudoer
Why do ext2 inodes only have 12 direct blocks?
Bash String manipulation when string contains parentheses
Elementary crashes router when plug in Ethernet cable; Windows, no problem
Saving and correcting a drawn plot in Gnuplot
Is grep documentation about ignoring case wrong, since it doesn't ignore case in filenames?
X won't run on certain machines using my custom debian live boot usb
How to handle Nginx and PHP ownership of log files?
reboot command in GRUB2 bootloader
how to boot when boot files are lost
Duplicate, with a few small changes, a few lines in a text file
CentOS - killall command (to kill all processes with names matching a given pattern)
Kernel Surgery in a Script
how to remove last two "-delimited strings from each line in a large file
Find out the name of the Linux interface
Why connected with linux we under the /root directory?
nmcli centos with wrong general.type
problems in tranferring flies from windows host to kali linux guest in virtual machine
How to convert .bin-files to .iso-files fast?
Is it better to use !! or history?
What's the difference between the `tree -L 1 /` with `tree -L 1`?
NFS Shares becoming unmounted
GNU Time Field Expanation
why resize a PV instead of adding a new PV?
Converting date/time to current JDN
What exactly is terminal? What is shell?
Why super user is disabled in iOS and Android
Convert GPS coordinates with bash script
How to write a Shell Script that will count the occurrences of each number in a file?
Multiplying numbers in-place in a file
Routing private network to internet via 2 gateways
shell script  to execute in root mode
Rebinding/disabling CTRL+ALT+F# Virtual Terminal/Console Switching
Where do I find Mandriva netinstall?
Why does tailing an output log sometimes give partial lines?
How to script a database migration using SSH?
What's faster, dd 1.5TB or rsync 500GB?
mptscsih: ioc0: task abort: SUCCESS (rv=2002) causes 30 seconds freezing
How can I limit the output speed of stdout?
How do I vsync in bash (or the Linux framebuffer)?
stop force save on a file with read only permission
What are the fundamental differences between the mainstream *NIX shells?
What makes OSX programs not runnable on Linux?
How do free software companies make money?
Ubuntu Desktop lost
How to run a command inside screen such that you can get back to the command's parent shell?
How to get a persistent "history"-file even after a non-clean shutdown?
NTFS Junctions and Unix Hard Links
How do I quit from Vi?
How do you use badblocks?
How can I see what processes are running?
How come I installed Ubuntu 64 bit on a Pentium 4 machine?
How to upgrade PHP to 5.3 on Debian 5.0 (Lenny)?
Has the GNU coreutils stat tool changed?
Wildcard in /etc/hosts file
How to restore GnuPG key after reinstall?
How do you recall the last (n-th?) passed argument of the previous command you used with bash?
How do I find a command if I don't know its name?
How do I remove every file that has x in its title?
vnc connection working with PuTTY but not with command line
How do I set the group (gid) of a process I'm about to launch?
Modifying PDF files
Rosetta Stone for Linux Distributions?
How do you layout extra storage?
Mount an iso without root access?
Compiling old solaris programs under Linux
Beginning to learn Unix and Linux
difference between Fedora's, openSUSE's, and Mandriva's initscripts?
Ubuntu Login for first time
Killing a running process in an Ubuntu machine remotely from a windows machine which is in LAN
How do I fix unix so that I can use the arrow keys in a terminal?
What is the font used for GNU documentation?
SELinux denied access
parse unique string based on a certain line
How to diff files ignoring specific words?
One Liner sed date string to unixtime
Is it possible to run a fstab present in non-root partition on FreeBSD bootup?
Virtualbox runs on OS without GUI
nvidia-smi has failed because it couldn't communicate
How to fix corrupt GPT table backup?
Interpretation of PTP4L and PHC2SYS syslog records
Input variables with spaces?
In Linux, is there a way to keep the output of the jobs command showing for a set amount of time ?
Should I use mutually exclusive options on my command line tool?
How to disable gnome calendar integration with google?
Fedora 27 not running rc.local when booting
upgrade to the centos version of the linux
Overwriting a running executable or .so
Ubuntu 8.04 fine; Ubuntu 16.04 video messed up - why, how to fix?
Using the Address function in Openoffice Calc
What is the purpose of the controlling terminal?
Get IP of wifi gateway?
Something is killing my wired network, what that could be?
Can one use a keyfile as a password for sudo?
Running systemd unit directly after local-fs.target and before basic.target
How do I make persistent tcp-keepalive setting in Debian
Commands queueing across different users
Is badblocks trustworthy?
List of Debian packages with essential priority
How to save a function in bash for later use?
Can't remove sys-subsystem-net-devices-wlp0s20u3.device from boot
Extraction of Specified Data from Linux Terminal Output
How to use `systemd-ask-password-console.service`
scp to remote Windows hosts with spaces in path: ambiguous target
Which signal >(process) receives after main shell exits?
How to echo a substring from the output of a pipe?
Udev rule to alias device depending on USB port number
Why is the "wrong" executable being run?
Why do all standard commands include an ASCII letter?
Store multiple grep in one command output to a variable
Which ports does the default firewall allow on Fedora Workstation and Fedora Server?
Debian: transition from plymouth to lightdm without console text at boot time
Why does htop start so quickly?
Change the start of a partition with parted?
Why does rpmbuild --target i686 python.spec fail (CentOS 6)?
Home dir of ftp user in /var/www
Why is the regex pattern '?!' not working with grep?
How to unencrypt a micro SD card?
Bash trap in function, but executed when entire script exits?
Autostart supervisord 4.0.0, Ubuntu server 16.04
Saving data from kernel module into userspace
Extend PGP license of secret key in other server
Prepending vs. Appending $PATH
jq - select an attribute beginning with a string
List TCP connections
Can I use parted on existing partition that has free space without loosing data?
How to manually force reload of files from an RPM package?
How to use two 3G modems in a RAID-1-inspired way
bombono dvd renders menus indefinitely
Error: permission denied on key 'fs.file-nr'
Can you run a linux system properly without internet connection?
Upload file to ftp server using commands in shell script?
What is the maximum allowed number of TTY, is it defined anywhere in kernel headers?
noexec on /tmp and /var/tmp directory
How to create a volume group, logical volume and a file system on AIX?
Understanding -regex with GNU find
Is there a uniform way to discover information about devices?
Install libxcb from source
What would I get when sudo a kernel-destructive program?
How to disable a usb sound device with udev
Incremental backup of postgresql database
modify user-defined System Variables(that is a number) of remote Server machine using ssh?
Symbol on the border of pages when printing
How does zoneinfo get updated if at all?
upgrading an O.S. affects which file systems?
How to lock my session in Xfce?
Is it possible to do Android development on a MIPS computer?
postfix: different file name format for Maildir messages
mutt: macro for saving messages to a folder
Scanner works in laptop, not in desktop
Errors after creating partitions during Fedora 20 installation
First line of awk output isn't what I expect
how do I make a $VAR empty so it don't effect the command line argument and still be within that argument?
Grep lines but let the first line through
Checkout a file from svn and append its timestamp to its name
mutt: trash macro
Find holes in an enumeration in awk
Copy files via a complex ssh connection?
Determine whether TRIM commands are being sent
Grub 2 os prober for windows 8
rails command getting removed from $PATH after resume from hibernet
Howto find and move a text line inside a file?
Have you seen this cat?
Getting branch from git
Ignore lines containing a capital letter
How to script this task?
macro: mutt freezes
Transferring mp3 files from a remote server via cronjob to the RPi without overwriting
How to burn the iso with wodim?
Can I automate SFTP to upload an entire tree?
Application icons missing from Cinnamon panel when running as root
Issue With httpd: Could not reliably determine the server's fully qualified domain name
renaming file in bash from an info file
Choose interpreter after script start e.g. if/else inside hashbang
Create cron job
Is Docker right for my use case?
How to use a usb-drive / pendrive?
Pipe into if statement?
How do I figure out what is answering a DNS resolution call?
How can I repack zip to 7zip?
Can Ctrl+C send the SIGINT signal to multiple processes?
Merge column from command output into a single row
Configuring `less` to show longer lines
Having issues with FIND commands pruning directories
what argument does hash -t require?
Is there a way to 'tail -f' a folder?
Warning: Cannot find a valid bootloader location (MBR disk)
Hiding the top panel in Centos 7
Why the process run by the shell does not inherit the shell's Process Group ID?
Will both VMs having the same IP cause me to ping myself
Confusion about output lost in pipeline with perl
Public IPv6s fail on KVM bridge with "No buffer space available"
How to connect to my phone via bluetooth serial
Unable to verify the kernel signature "gpg: Can't check signature: public key not found"
Why does cut fail with bash and not zsh?
Configure XDEC X server for running application in true color on remote X client
what is difference between l and ls commands
How to re-create RAID1 really properly
Squid3 to replace .jpg
Can't mount fdescfs to /dev/fd
Is there any way I can track down what is removing the executable flag from a file?
How is the IFB device positioned in the packet flow of the Linux kernel
What does [?1049h and [?1h ANSI escape sequences do?
If, Then, Else Scripting
Intermittent screen corruption after boot
Converting .odm to .odt or .pdf - command line
I installed python 2.7 on RHEL6 server, want to go back to 2.6
Use of Verbose in a cron job
How to configure a connection interval in a BLE connection?
samba4's ldbsearch complains about authentication for basic searches
MIME RSA encryption
Configure firewallD to access services on bridge from OpenVPN
Where to download chrome remote desktop 32 bit for ubuntu 12.04 as it is discontinued by google?
obtain shell prompt in python
Repeat SSH Login
Why is my network unreachable in virtual machine with RHEL 7.2?
Caller-aware function in bash
Force linker to find stdc++ library in non-standard directory
What \u001B]0;kuba@jcubic: ~\u0007 escape code do?
Bulk file rename with a list of rules
Use a result twice in a pipeline
How to pass private ssh key via string, not a file?
Errors after offline Kali installation on Dell XPS 13
Trouble update-rc.d remove'ing dnsmasq on Debian Stretch
how to iterate through files in directory excluding hidden files
Why can I switch to a user but not run a script as it
fail to log through rsyslog on an archlinux system
Is there any tool in linux which will specify baud rate
Find all line in a file which start with g or any digit from 0to9
How to reboot a server with a LUKS encrypted partition
Temporarily ignore/bypass proxy settings using iptables when WFH
Duplicity backup via sftp finishes without errors but no files transferred to remote host, why?
Unable to synchronize ntp with servers
Postfix Dovecot LMTP and address delimiters doesn't work
change TCP_TIMEWAIT_LEN at runtime
How to bootstrap Firefox Sync on many machines?
rsync --compare-dest is being ignored
How to get a direct link to a downloadable file (for use with wget or cURL) that's normally downloaded via Javascript in a web browser
How to copy over a "single file" (that was created with dd command) using the "dd" command (block-by-block)?
Bash Script to Sort Files into Alphabetical and Numbers Folders (offset the sorting letter to the 8th character)
Why there are more than one "still running" instances
How to tar a file that is opened and under concurrent writes by another process?
Linux FIFO buffering depends on invocation order of readers and writers
Using If, then...fi command how to determine if user has input correct file format?
What does "power1: 4.29 MW (interval = 1.00 s)" mean? That is, what is the "MW" unit?
mkfs.vfat can't find the first partition on my disk
variable sed pattern to remove string
Installing WiFi driver for slackware Linux
find a string and get the previous string delimited by a comma
Kali Update Issue - 403 Forbidden/Reposotory is not signed
How to find out which files get installed with make?
How to join all consecutive lines starting with pattern to the first line using sed and/or awk
How to protect bash function from being overridden?
How to start a script before the login password request
How to Install Linux OS on USB Drive and Run it On Any PC
Operation not permitted - libwine.so.1
Differentiate during PAM authentication SSH session vs SSH inline commands
List moved files between versions in svn
Gnome menu panel blank space
How do I mount a WD MyBook World network drive in linux?
How can I shutdown after unmounting a USB device from the command line?
What is the Linux equivalent of the Windows registry?
What does the 'a' attribute in lsattr mean?
linux: How to determine the best filesystem format?
Is there a back-"button" in w3m?
Changing the bash prompt
Am I installing CentOS 5.5 right?
How can I calculate the size of a directory?
How to get rid of desktop environment and use a window manager only?
Frontend for libsane for manual batch scans,
What options `ServerAliveInterval` and `ClientAliveInterval` in sshd_config exactly do?
What are the pros/cons of the various methods to block brute force SSH attacks?
How can I install perldoc on Ubuntu?
Is there an easy way to replace duplicate files with hardlinks?
Use _roff to underline words
How to use the ul command line utility
Drive was unable to assemble into the array
How to echo a bang!
Is there a ".bashrc" equivalent file read by all shells?
Save complete GNU screen session state
How to install xfontsel on Fedora 13? Any alternative?
How do I run a command as the system administrator (root)
How do I fix Global Shortcuts when they stop working in KDE?
How to "reencode" mp3 files
What is a vi equivalent of vim's 'set ruler' command?
Chainload two Grub2 installations
What does ^d mean in ls -l | grep ^d?
vnc over ssh port assignment
Command-line-friendly full-text indexing?
What is the MIME equivalent of uuencode for sendmail?
Organize Email by Date Using procmail or maildrop
Read space as input in shell script
Copy symlink AND where it points to using rsync
How can I set desktop defaults for new users?
Strategies for maintaining a reference to a file after it was moved or renamed?
Static DNS setup on client of shared internet connection
How do I find out which processes are preventing unmounting of a device?
Create network namespace that doesn't use global tunnel (VPN) interface
Communicate backwards in a pipe
Wifi suddenly extremely slow
What exactly does `iwconfig wlan1 essid "myWifi"` do?
Return previous line of all matches
What is needed to create a new LDAP database?
Abbreviated long options on the command line of xclip
Bash script if - else contitions
How to install Fedora on Xen with the LiveCD image?
Debian 8 crashes once every few days
How to disable wireless N on Centos/RHEL 7?
How can I tell which user limit I am running into?
variable interpolation in shell script
Redirect bash variable into netcat
Spamassassin spam score and block configuration?
/etc/sysctl.conf abstraction for custom usage
Sort all rows horizontally by reference to columns in a particular row
Sorting files using a bash script
Messages on new terminal after using nohup
Creating a GIF animation from PNG files while constraining GIF size
Adding LibreOffice Official Repository for Updates
Which character encodings are supported by posix?
Can't disable TLSv1 and RC4-SHA
pass arguments to python program in shell
Cannot login SSH with key, always asking password
how to get /log fS usage in two remote servers
Which desktop environment does Maru OS use?
Editing the iptables file on Asus firmware
Couldn't connect to Larvel homestead database with MYSQL workbench
Grub menu on reboot after removing another distro partition
Debian Disk Manager Problem
set umask for sshfs-mounted filesystem
Removing dirs with lots of tiny files on Lustre
Redefining partitions from Ubuntu live usb
error: conflicting types when cross compiling openssh for armv5tel
vlc and matroska format
Bash wrapper keeping logs of each command give or take a UI-like experience
How to add a user that accept any password as a valid password?
/sbin/ldconfig.real: /usr/local/lib is not a known library type
recovering LUKS partition
still getting Removing leading `/' from member names with tar -C option from cron email
What is happening when I read a corrupt optical media with dd and it's really slow?
Testing password against encrypted ext2 container
systemd-networkd seems to ignore .link files
After X server update 1.18.4 `su -- pi -c "startx" &` not working anymore
Flushing iptables on RHEL7 causes the server to hang
Why is my environment full of ␀s?
Connecting to multiple OpenSSL connections
How to have a custom command prompt in zsh?
Debian linux systemd shutdown, have shorewall service wait for fail2ban service
bash history truncated after sudo su
CentOS dist update fail
How to check if its safe to delete a library?
Mysterious Samba permission failures after service migration
Bash Brace Shell Expansion Fail
where in Ubuntu 14.04 to set env vars to be default for all processes and daemons
How to transfer Windows 10 and Linux Ubuntu to SSD
Where does modprobe load a driver that udev requests?
Where'd my UTF-8 locale go?
Delay in logwatch sending results as an email
stop fedora gnome auto-rotate screen when shake laptop?
How do I sort grep output by time+date of file created?
How can I find out what the entries in dmesg means?
Why I could connect a vm via two different ip address?
can unetbootin create UEFI bootable rescue disk on USB?
Can seccomp be used to enforce deterministic execution?
how do I scan the windows partition for malware?
How can we set firewall rules to allow or deny specific programs?
How do I get wireless access in kali / ubuntu linux on macbook?
How are MIME type conflicts handled?
Why is initramfs dropping to a shell after installing Ubuntu next to a Windows 10 installation?
exim4 smtp connection to rogers.com
Proxmox Guest: Network Device not linked
bashrc not activated
File permissions: kernel or file system?
Rollback dependencies from a zypper update failure
Postfix - send all notify_classes except failed authentication
HWadress incomplete
format String using sed
Error creating systemd service for dockered service
Specifically remove files starting with ._ using terminal
Signal not received by script run using sh -c
update neovim from official repos
Format zsh prompt according to the value of an environment variable
insserv: Script is broken
Intel® Wireless 7265 device hangs when under load
u-boot can't save environment parameters when 'bootm 'specified
Atomic registry not working
Dradis Install Apt Issue Git Checkout
Contents of a file got erased
Vim -- Syntax highlighting depending on whether whole line is commented
Cannot ssh after adding user to docker group then reboot
How do i download videos which have duration more than certain time( like 10 minutes ) from youtube playlist using youtube-dl?
How to open Vim in Terminator by default?
How to rotate a set of pictures from the command line?
Exit status of sh command?
echo * | xargs -n1 echo , Is there a shorter, more elegant way of a line by line listing?
'sudo' commands are slow while on network
print if next line contains
Overriding gtk3 theme colors
remove the whole row with sed?
DNS NS records are not resolved
How to convert a JSON's file tree structure into a single line?
how to replace "/" in a file name to "_"
If the shell is running a program, will the shell also receive a SIGINT signal when Ctrl+C is pressed?
How to raise open file limit - /etc/security/limits.d vs /etc/security/limits.conf
How to delete the content of all subdirectories named "output"?
Made an oupsie while testing some protection and executed rm /usr/bin/clang*
How to enable client isolation in wpa_supplicant?
What is OS apix module?
Adding an LDAP user to a local group
Shell gt comparison of lines of a file
After checkout a new remote branch, why does pull tells me that it will merge?
How to install libprotobuf?
If condition not working in script over ssh
Display an awesome wm cheatsheet when holding down the Windows key
Cat file dealing with header?
How to add multiple table rows in awk
How to get the *trusted* certificate for a host?
How to add SubjectAltNames to end-entity certificate in private PKI?
Why is my IPA Client not recognizing AD Trusted users
Sort by filename with du command
Regex in case statement
How to install xfce goodies in Fedora?
how to create a bootable flash that can boot as both BIOS and UEFI?
Tweak perl script for human-readable dmesg output
Run su -s with arguments
Debian + Huawei E3372h
Enable touch screen on CentOS 7
bash: --argument vs -arg
What is the error in this script?
Runlevels behaviour when kill script has failed
Gracefully reinstall a tweaked deb compiled from source and set up with checkinstall
How to change the key for autocompletion in ZSH?
Firefox title bar doesn't go away in fullscreen mode
Fedora 23 Freezes after login
How to read CPU temperature on a shared server?
Does yum use package buildtime to decide if a package is newer?
How do I delete this folder in Solaris?
Can someone execute a malware by just inserting a flash disk?
Delete file at specified time non-interactively
How to open konsole in fullscreen mode?
Linux distrib with apache and mysql pre installed
About ncurses header file
NTFS formatting disabled while using Gparted in CentOS 7
Math calculations using Awk on dynamic rows
Curl freezes when downloading from ftp
Wayland: How to start graphic application from TTY without display manager?
Konsole's character rendering is messed up
print list of environment variable names (without values)
prepend the text file output to other file
Briefly jump to matching parentheses in Bash
Why is mv failing in this (bash) shell script in bash 3.2 during Mac OS recovery mode?
Monitor file and overwrite it every time it changes?
How to fix remote gpg agent when it stops working?
Output remote hostname in sshpass session
How can I execute an alias from a shell defined in .screenrc?
Delete directories if they do not have newer files
How to check for hardware faults?
Get to work 2 monitors in debian9 xrandr error
Understanding Debian versus LinuxMint, finding version numbers
Batch rename files to move sequence from end to beginning
laptop-mode-tools causes power saving behavior on the intel HDA sound card, despite /sys/module/snd_hda_intel/parameters/power_save being 0
Can variable-substitution-syntaxes be unified?
PulseAudio fails to launch in system mode in CentOS 7
Trouble understanding gsettings + xargs behaviour
How to calculate how much data is in ftp folders recursively
A simple utility to backup of both database (MySQL) and document root into one file
Partially use the -y argument when installing things in Debian in one line
Remove files that start with but don't contain
Will a backup and restore with dd solve filesystem corruption?
Local and main routing table rules
ksh tab completion not working if I've typed exactly 4 chars before pressing tab
How many ways are there in total to feed a command with input?
Kali Linux 32-bit installation stalls on a black screen in virtualbox 5.1.2 on Windows 10 64-bit
What knowledge about the Kernel can a Novice benefit from?
sometimes a trap-and-continue-a-for-loop on ctrl-c in bash doesn't continue
Can I get a DHCP address from within a container via the DHCP server the host is on?
Apache Flume to transfer text file contents between two Ubuntu VMs
Time limit for bash script
Remote ssh connection not loading the properties defined in .profile
What does -o mean in an "if"?
Why can I checkout a branch that was removed on GitHub?
How to boot a system with full disk encryption from GRUB rescue
Error about i686 packages not found when installing with yum? (on x64 architecture)
curl when writing to file named 'hosts' :Failed to create the file hosts: Permission denied
How to set environment variables to path so it can be read from GUI and command line from the same program?
ACPI BIOS Error / AE_NOT_FOUND
Bluetooth - automatically disconnect after a few minutes?
Can't access server after running it with a systemd service
How to continuously check ltrace command output in C program
nginx ERR_SPDY_PROTOCOL_ERROR only on Webkit based browsers
Spring Service not starting Ubuntu
Cannot enable smartctl Auto Offline Data Collection
Try install linux from usb, os load and computer reboot
find duplicate values in each line
Restarting Gnome Shell 3.28.1 on Fedora 28
Dash "-nt" behavior
Pcchips p17g motherboard will not detect SSD
How do I list all C programs which starts with abc and the 4th and 5th letters are either 1 or 2
How to submit a job to a specific node using Slurm's sbatch command?
How to replace btrfs root subvolume with received snapshot?
Package 'upstart' has no installation candidate
difference between 2>&1 | tee output.log and |& tee output.log
tar to stdout: missing input files without affecting PIPESTATUS
Does . invoke sh and source invoke bash?
How to prevent this service from starting at boot
Simple command-line calculator
Concatenate a string with a variable in grep command
RHEL GUI offers Automatic Time Zone Option. Is there a way to set that option from console?
How to undo CTRL+L in Bash in a GUIless system?
Is there a way to trigger a script on sftp session exit?
disabling grub for linux while dual boot with manjaro (arch based distro)
POL-WINE crashes running MotoGp2015 on Linux Mint 64bit - ISO MotoGP2015
Systemd service isn't restarted, no explanation of failure
How to print only git message/title using bash script?
if statement is not working properly
unrar'ing everything in subdirectories without getting into a loop
Commands suggested by apropos are not working
FIO reporting slow write speeds while DD reports fast ones
How to align a string variable in Bash
How to terminate a TCP connection established by bash itself?
QEMU VM using virtio drivers without kernel support / module on host?
Proper way to install Okular
How would I limit connections to certain services, to be only accesed via a connection coming from a sub-domains?
How to lump together Apache2 Server and xsp2 server in the configuration for auto start when the PC reboots?
Cryptsetup hanging after passphrase entered
wgetting links that are written in script form - not plain html
set up NFS two way syncronization
Relationship is between Apache2 and xsp2 (or mono-xsp2) for an Ubuntu Linux 16.04 system which serves mono ASP-NET content to an web browser user
How do I select which remote vifm instance will run a command?
How to set folder permission with + at the end?
netcat doesn't print response
How do I run a supervisor command in a Eclipse PyDev project without being asked for a password?
Change Apache Directory
Custom greeting when I log in via ssh
difference between [-0-9] and [-0-9 ] pattern in awk command
fstab doens't read mode value
What is the step by step procedure to analyze automatic logout on a linux ( ubuntu) system
Why can't I remove the '.' directory?
What are the differences between the various partition tables?
Why does my command: "rm -rf *" not delete all the files in a directory?
logmein-hamachi - cannot login on Linux VM
Granting permission for all users in a group to write to a directory and all its subdirectories
Script running forever
Check last messages
Modules for USB wireless adapter missing?
How to display meminfo in megabytes in top?
apt: install packages downloaded previously
Output order with process substitution
GNU Screen: you have neither usable sockets nor usable pipes
Use a custom colourscheme in Vim
How to include commands in Bash's PS1 without breaking line length calculation?
compiling PHP fails cause of libpcre
Understanding boolean operators in bash script
Nested POSIX groups in Linux
NFS mount edits on local NFS-exported filesystem change permissions on the remote NFS mount
SFTP chroot jail/access based on wildcard
Replace CD number in MP3 ID3 tag
Automatic logging of scripts executed by users
Change keyboard layout using Cyryllic character
Most lightweight distro that runs LibreOffice Writer
Terminal prompt not wrapping correctly
Audiowerk 8 drivers for Linux
Launch a fake/minimal X session for Pulseaudio/dbus
Download anything
Cross compiling libSDL
Installing OpenSSL shared libraries on CentOS 6.5
Which 2-letter POSIX command is different from all the others?
Can I set my Debian box to use OpenDNS nameservers if it uses DHCP?
Using newline delimited list as parameter
Fedora not detecting my new SSD device on install to hard drive program
Possible to speed this while read bash script up?
User nobody is logged in on '???'
Fedora installed on Windows Partition
Qt5 Dependency Resolution problem during yum update in CentOS 7
How to resize Alpine Linux terminal in VirtualBox?
Where is official documentation about locking mechanisms for etckeeper, apt, and/or dpkg?
How to enable TLSv1.3 in Apache2?
Bad bit in file
What will happen if I put #!/bin/bash inside a script but use ksh for the script?
How to trace line by line by "gdb" C/C++ code?
reset failed login count / unlock aix/UNIX account
Can I use "gedit" through "ssh"?
Gnome desktop environment freezes after login
Refresh .profile and .bashrc
Why does systemd *not* have `/dev/dri/...` open?
grub-pc is half-configured on Debian jessie
Why not working Job start by Cron?
Access /proc/pid/ns/net without running query process as root?
json.cpp:474:23: fatal error: curl/curl.h: No such file or directory
Two processes sharing memory under different privileged users
Should isohybrid work on all iso media, fx Windows 7?
Text processing in bash
Installing Debian on secondary hard drive [from Windows]
Locate a directory from a relative path in ps output
Not able to ssh to another computer, but can ping it?
How to modify the permission of jar file exactly same as other machine jar file?
Get current output
How do I reload a proxy automatic configuration file (.pac)?
How to recognize hostname on the port number 8080 in Ubuntu machine?
Basic sed command on large one-line file: couldn't re-allocate memory
Audible DRM Removal for personal use
URL with hostname doesn't work but it works with IP Address
Computer wont boot with any media after installing wine on Ubuntu 13.10
How do I allow rwx access to a specific group with ACLs?
Get list of unread emails from Unix server
How to give permissions to user (regarding an NFS share)
Keyboard backlight is very dim
nohup: ignoring input and redirecting stderr to stdout
CentOS 6.5 installation hangs on first screen
verify: command not found exception when trying to get value from user
Which software supports DoD 5220-22-M 7 pass standard for SLES 10.4?
How to free space taken by rdiff-backup data?
Parsing string token with bash
Grep for single and double digit
Disable the external keyboard from a script
Get screenshots of a Linux machine that I connect to remotely with PuTTY
Busybox ash script does not exit cleanly after executing cat; unable to get exit code
touch and tar from a text file
What does "rm is hashed" mean?
What happens if I use vi on large files?
How to get an specific amount of lines in the console with less?
Can't insert spaces in code editors
Script to extract selected entries from a bibtex file
Emacs: mode-local macro with dashes and dots
How to strip directory structure with command line (or script)
VSFTPD Virtual User Group
How can I exit from read-only mode in Vim?
Laptop keyboard occasionally stops working
Wrong behavior of xargs
Open source MySQL performance tool
another question with sort in bash
determine shell in script during runtime
Shortcuts in Xfce are not working anymore
Window buttons (minimize, maximaze, close) are not visible in Xfce
ZFS on Linux and Amazon EC2
Modifying resolv.conf when when bringing network interface up on system startup
How can I find out what keys gpg-agent has cached? (like how ssh-add -l shows you cached ssh keys)
How can I see which package manager is running?
Grant ssh access for single session
Select/extract columns based on the values on a certain row
Ubuntu: How do the md devices get assembled at bootup?
Configuring a Canon MX360 scanner
Add more DNS nameservers in OpenBSD
Delete all files that DON'T have duplicate names?
Can't test Java installation as normal user
Calculate swap values dynamically
What caused NFS filesystem to be mounted?
How to duplicate a daemon?
Linux blocked on df
writefile() to file descriptor produces output with alignment issue
update-alternatives returns error about Java directory not available
CTRL + ALT + L doesn't work anymore
Duplicate lines and make them unique?
Stat with Python about line count of 2-bits
Not able to cd into world-readable directory on NFS
Do global aliases exist in bash
Get consistent encoding for all files in directory
OpenVZ machine's venet0 network suddenly down
What is the reverse of tail -c +K?
Numeric test in bash: integer expression expected
Running sudo restricted commands by creating soft link
KDE splash screen picture size change
Is there a good resource monitoring tool in linux?
Set environment variable $PATH globally on Ubuntu 14.04
Storing text files inside root directory
Redirect stdin for multiple shell functions
Excluding specific lines from being redirected
How do I make a Make, Make Install, and deb file for a python program?
Remove/Uninstall desktop environment from second user account on OpenBSD
Signing a module for prebuilt kernel
How to pass shell variable to an awk search pattern?
Setting the title for Xterm with long paths
bind mounts by systemd don't magically work with systemd-tmpfiles?
One liner to enable some SCLs and a python virtual environment?
Controlling ftp access with vsftpd
Location of Language and Locale files
output neighbouring lines with line numbers while grepping
File permissions on uploaded files
Resolve IP address from MAC address
Is there a way to copy a rectangular area in a bash or konsole terminal?
iterate over file and send lines as positional parameters to another file
find who sends spam
Get file names in awk result
arch linux apache start at boot crash
optimisation of bash globs
tmux: rotate panes vertically or horizontally
Creating ISO Bootable Image from a CentOS (Linux) system
How to install / parse build dependencies from debian/control?
grep with logic operators
install with BTRFS: subvolume/partition scheme?
How to make a filter more efficient
How to find out what information is used to generate hardware code
Redirecting Standard Output And Standard Error to One File
why is there a limitation on hard disk size in MBR partitioning?
How can I replace string in a file?
Minimal diff between two texts
What are the Implications of Passwordless SSH
X server periodically restarting for no reason
Changing variables in a forked process from outside that fork?
Bind Mounting across different file systems
extract from line to line and then save to separate file
What does this `xhost ...` command do?
Tiny directory on ext4 file system taking up 2024 blocks?
Can't concat file paths, permission denied
How to rename terminal tab title in gnome-terminal?
Is there a correlation between CentOS and RHEL versions?
Changing from Exchange to IredMail...Mail Import?
Still able to read file after changing permissions
Debian ignores PAM env variables (while Arch doesn't)
Cannot install Linux because keyboard/mouse not working
How to avoid repeating sed commands when adding sites to Varnish?
Make a PSTN call from softphone using IP PBX module
How could I reach root after switching from bash to zsh?
How to trim the CWD, shown in the command promt
Fully erase/delete disk with a live debian disto
restrict ssh access to /bin and using bash as a shell
Moving files from folder to folder on a remote server using SSH without downloading those to local computer
VLC script on ubuntu server
How to carry a string over from one chain to another in iptables?
vnc: unable to get a shell prompt with the default opened terminal application
What folders need to be mounted before chroot?
For some IPs, ping -c 4 -W 1 ip | cat does not output anything until ping has finished, whereas it does for others
cannot mount usb drive
Cannot compile any software
Compose plus apostrophe doesn't work with Cyrillic
symbolic link new target
How can I add applications to the lxpanel application launch bar via cli?
Do high-DPI screens play nicely with tiling window managers?
Remove all the contents from /root ( /~ )directory
error when trying to remount / readonly
Does okular/poppler support following intra-document cross-references in PDF files?
Connect through different interfaces to the same server (SO_BINDTODEVICE): Destination Host Unreachable
Multiple users' access to directory
How to overwrite file residing on ESP at Linux boot
Upgrading centOS 6.6 to 7
Mesa Compile results in unusable drivers?
Can't get my secondary monitor to power on in X11
Why do I get "integer expression required"?
Different DB Package Installation Calls
How to upgrade a shared library to a newer version when installing from source code?
Live linux distribution that includes TrueCrypt, to be used for data recovery
Avoid backslash expansion with echo in dash
Adding a Wildcard to PowerDNS
Linux graphical password dialog trick security
Why do I get "-eq: unary operator expected false"?
LDAP and NFS on two different servers
How to boot kali from native usb
Can I make [ $(($1 % $check)) -ne 0 ]; be more performant and not be killed?
-ksh: pushd: not found
remove cupsd completly?
Getting the error invalid option '--asroot' on packages
Could not connect to vsftp on fedora from filezilla
cryptsetup: Attaching loopback device failed
Ubuntu machine hang and whole LAN network stopped responding
Is it safe to disable shell access to all users listed in /etc/passwd?
Archlinux configure grapic driver lenovo z710
Debian x86_64 and 4 GB RAM
Where should I install seafile-server: /opt or /home?
How to monitor WGET download progress after closing SSH session
Siemens NX 10 installation: Could not determine filesystem containing /usr/ugs100
How to show only hidden directories, and then find hidden files separately
How to configure .zshrc for specfic os
kvm custom scripts for automation of pci device attachment
How to duplicate a file a number of times while embedding an index in each file
Firewalling Samba
How to enable secure authentication (ssl,tls,starttls) in nullmailer 1.0.5. and upgrade nullmailer to 1.11
awk getline to display first three lines in file
Strange behaviour of whiptail
How does grub2 find its configuration file in EFI boot?
rsync directories in to remote server
Can I lock down access to a TCP port in Linux
Automatically ssh into remote host depending on the folder you're in
Excluding certain files from moving but move hidden ones too
why /proc/net/udp is showing wrong rx_queue size in CentOS server?
What does curl -sS means?
How to manage users and passwords in LXC containers?
Where does windows 8.1 virtual machine occupy disk space in linux
How to pass pseudo-file to child program?
using tilde in variable from the user
Replace multiple strings with different set of mapped strings
3D Graphics Support on a Radeon 6870 for steam gaming
Internet connectivity using linux network namespace
if problem showing some syntax error
unrecognized inateck hdd enclosure with linux Mint
why is dhcpd listening on UDP port 38053 and udp6 port 40572?
Full DD copy from hdd to hdd
change smtps port in Postfix
How do I get the filename received by rz?
Allow multiple remote connections to an ssh Dynamic forwarded port
How to connect to an Active Directory
kill or kick all clients from a running vncserver without restarting the server
Understanding Kerberized NFSv4 Authorization
cd to the most recently created directory
Removing duplicate files but ignoring certain lines (e.g. embedded timestamp)
elif [ "$input" = "no" ]; then go the next statement
psmouse sync issues!
Can't login using serial on ttyO0 - BeagleBone Black
Keeping Pushbullet for Chrome active with Chrome closed?
Parameter substitution and error messages: suppressing line numbers etc
find files without extension
Rsync not modifying files on destination
script to get all long running mysql queries
Shell Script to move oldest file from one directory to another directory
Redirect output on-the-fly - looks not possible in Linux, why?
Xorg starts on display :1 at reboot
Can we mount the windows network shared folder to linux or can we access network shared folder through jenkins?
Ansible change string in multiple files
How to use nano's Redo shortcut (Meta+E) in MATE terminal
VirtualBox 6.0 video adapter for Debian 9 guest
Compose key with FCITX
pdsh input from file possible?
DNS Bind not loaded due to errors
Not all files in mounted directory on Centos 7
Awk/Grep - Pull Value from row and replace if it matches File data [Find->Compare->Replace]
Why does Red Hat promote CentOS?
Who is setting my LS_COLORS?
Symlink not working
use find to delete all but last file within subdirectories
How to append arguments to the command xargs is executing? (host command for instance)
What is the right behavior for http://anonymous.invalid?
netcat is timing out before timeout has reached
How to neatly paste lists as columns?
How can I tell whether a given linux distro's wifi is managed via NetworkManager vs wpa_supplicant?
cryptmount performance for large partitions?
how to override a TXT dns record in linux
How can I easily confirm domain ownership via email using only self-hosted solutions?
(Debian 9) Why is there a postgresql server running on my local machine?
Is it possible to create a destination folder after selecting files to be moved
Kubuntu not starting up after cloning HDD to SSD (dual-boot)
How do I deal with a ${PWD##*/} variable for FFMPEG input when there's spaces in the folder name?
Mount ISO contained in Docker to host volume
Print filenames containing multiple strings
Journald Storage=persistent - Just disk or RAM & disk
Why is the hardware database of usbutils not updated?
X11 logout on display :0 messes the behaviour of other X11 displays running at the same time
How can you move hardlinks to another disk
firewall not working as expected in kickstart
Using ssh keys with a user account's shell set to /sbin/nologin
Why can't I execute .bashrc directly and what is "sourcing"?
Is there a window manager that allows tabs of multiple different programs in one window? (Like Windows 10 Sets)?
How to delete lines in text file that contain three dupliate fields (strings sep by spaces)
dpkg format file is corrupt
Does `dd` I/O read error alway indicate hardware failure?
How do I disable compiz hotcorners and binding for button clicks on screen edges when I'm gaming
Exempting root / users from radius 2fa login
Alias and functions
Is there a way to know when a systemd timer will run next?
replace one line with three lines with sed
How to run a program multiple times with different arguments using a loop in a bash script?
How can I stop the Z shell from conspiring to tamper with the output of GNU Make?
How to replace specific row using sed or awk based with run command
Mac hosts files can't be persisted always been overwritten
Postfix does not check "From:" address with sender_login_maps
Fedora 25 live does not allow persistent mode
Remove recursively double extension added by "stupid" Crypt0L0cker ransomware
how to send input from one script to another using bash script
How to remove both duplicates from file based on the first 2 columns
Installing ftp without internet access on RHEL 6
From Ubuntu machine I want to send a file to other user via email automatically with out any manual work
Group dynamic IP blocks for multiple firewall rules
Touchpad not working on CentOS 7.2
Server returned 404 Not Found when streaming a video to ffserver
Bash: `test` finds file but `source` wont
different output when the script is executed manually and cron job
Package "fontconfig" not found despite having installed libfontconfig1-dev
How to uniquely identify monitor in Linux
Mass rename of filenames
Foward ports with iptables NAT rules?
Determine last iterate in a bash for loop
What is the advantage of archiving C object files in a static library (.a file)?
Prevent OSX Sierra from restarting when left alone
Block every incoming traffic except port 22
gpg2 pinentry fails without X
Google Chrome on Ubuntu server
Send random data over TCP for a while, and count how many bytes were sent
PDF viewer/reader that supports cycling through documents
Udev rule to mount disk does not work
How to make it more difficult to 'tweak' your OS?
Shared library libgcrypt found in system python but not in Anaconda environment
Making a single table from multiple files
I don't know how to bootstrap Certbot on your operating system
PCIe Bus error when booting Archiso and when using wifi-menu
Ansible, attempting to get specific regex pattern to work with lineinfile module
Basic bash behavior
Move file from networked computer to server
Find all the PDFs with at least three characters in their name
command on crontab not working
Need output in separate lines- Shell Script
Debian 8 apt-get update showing 404 Not Found
Edit interfaces file in C++
merge /var with /
Executing remote commands through SSH
Failure removing module, still in use/not found
Error while installing vuze in Ubuntu 18.04 lts
grep fails looking for string
iptables -L shows only one source IP
What determines which Linux commands require root access?
/etc/rc.d vs /etc/init.d
Expand KDE activities concept to the shell
Strip // Comments From Files
Is "export" needed when setting HISTIGNORE in bashrc files?
Make terminal text color different when in ssh session
What encryption does vim -x use?
Creating a UNIX account which only executes one command
How do I get graphics working with Linux on my Braswell NUC box?
Why does a yum package update replaces my yum-cron config files?
How to run telnet via SSH?
Echoing a string in bash with brackets surrounding it returns 'b'
Can I change ownership of the data directory content in a borg backup repo?
Linux Mint NVIDIA and ATI RADEON drivers
Is there a way to configure Arch Linux to never delete old .so files?
Upgrading dependencies issue with Cinnamon
Ping does not work on secondary interface in server
How can I figure out why my laptop optical drive no longer reads CDs/DVDs?
Unable to add myself to the docker group
Until Loop in a Calculation Script
Mount bind or link 2 dirctories into 1
How can I put back an accidentally disconnected PV into an LVM VG?
Restarting a service on Red Hat and where are the services listed
Efficiently remove first couple of lines from a text file
Chrome OS and OpenVPN
How to fulfill the kernel modules dependencies?
Compress and delete at the same time
Retrying during preseed
Not able to access a Linux directory
Import Apricity OS zsh theme into Manjaro
find character and join these line with the next
Use SSD for caching files from HDD
Cannot get partition to boot
How can I kill a process running on a specific IP and port?
Question about wget -qO-
3g Modem not auto connecting with console mode but auto connects while in desktop!
Gparted gives problems with Fat32
If I changed the session of a process, will the stdin and stdout of the process change?
Can I unset the $1 variable?
What is the usual single letter flag denoting an IP address in a commandline option?
socat[10261] E SSL_CTX_load_verify_locations():
Cannot mount, read, write, or format SD Card
Retrieve truncated file on NTFS
Maintenance on old Centos 5
Displaying accents on the Linux console
How to repair a severely damaged ext4 partition?
What are command primaries?
What are the differences between `-d` and `-D` when deleting a branch in git?
The best way to create an IP whitelist with nginx
grep pattern syntax
What does the "size in 512-byte blocks" mean?
What 'sw' means in the fstab swap entry for 'mount options' column
How can I change the command title when running a server?
Stop my colleague from watching my X session
Share specific traffic from VM to LAN
Which files in /boot may I delete without destroying the system?
Getting tree to only list files matching a pattern and the directories they are contained in
move the the specified String to specific position using sed
mutt - filter messages like these
the difference between '..' and ".." when I use ssh usr@ip 'pscp ......'
Day of week {0-7} in crontab has 8 options, but we have only 7 days in a week
How to restore default crontab file
How to mirror two screens / nvidia graphic pilot / LMDE / Macbook 2008
Will my MySQL query continue to run even if my ssh connection drops?
log rotate, why creating a fresh log is called log rotate instead of log delete or log refresh
how can I retrieve disk IO utilization in percents on HP-UX
Does rm -rf * delete files recursively from the current directory or parent/root directory?
Listing all devices as non-superuser
Why does the less-than sign not work as a replacement for cat in bash?
How to setup wireless AP with two wifi cards and ethernet as WAN on debian?
extract the 4th column from a csv file using unix command
Looking for the path of a particular file provided by a particular rpm in a spec
I need find 1 simple rootkit to test chkrootkit in centos?
How can I find the amount of memory consumed by a process?
Extract multiple lines with secondary keyword search
Changing monospace fonts system-wide
Linux cgroup memory is not beeing freed
Which Swift features are available on Linux (CoreData, linking to C code)?
NetworkManager interferes with hostname configuration
Parted, cannot mount newly created partitions
dd: No space left on device
unable to install pop-desktop
"File" backed by running program?
Commands Not Found when Passed through SSH
korn shell - if a variable exists in an array stop processing without exiting
What does this line mean :/opt/glibc-2.14/etc$ sudo sh -c "echo '/usr/local/lib' >> ld.so.conf"
How to append * to the String and assigning a prepared SQL Query to another variable? i.e., (select * from ....)
Using grep to omit values given in a text file
Reading an argument and creating a tempfile from it to use within the script
How to rename a file with different name?
compare a certain number of lines between columns of two files
Find longest matching portion (not in the same offset) within two files
Closing port 25 for SMTP when using Gmail via Postfix
On Debian 9, is /root part of the /home partition?
How to remove duplicate lines inside specifc tag in a XML file
How do operator/wheel groups work on FreeBSD?
Kernel manjaro does not load, swap unknown
How to configure TOTP on Ubuntu?
How to make wine find mscoree.dll?
Why tmux always change my first window's name to bash after reloading
Why does docker run busybox timeout not work?
python cgi file is inaccessible by apache2
ssh routing between multiple linux system containers transparently
Routing traffic through VPN using Raspberry PI
SSH asks for password but I can get in thru serial port without it
How to run a command automatically everytime I log into a remote server via ssh without disconnecting the session
Grep the name from package.json file
Why does `pushd` always output the stack to stdout?
How to Start a Service in a Specific Directory via Daemontools?
How to separate only the IP Addresses?
How to background a process when tmux prefix is z?
Can DNS identify hostnames dynamically if they're statically configured?
Why doesn't this udev rule trigger upon removal of the device?
Delete whole argument in current bash command-line
Remove duplicate mp3 with different name, size, and hash
A service is failing to start on permissions denied--which files is it failing on?
How to blacklist an errpt entry? (so that it will now show up in errpt)
Unable to install LAN driver in RedHat (*** /lib/modules/2.6.32-358.el6.i686/build: No such file or directory)?
smbclient fails with message 'protocol negotiation failed: NT_STATUS_INSUFFICIENT_RESOURCES', what does it mean and how to fix it?
Are there any discussions about proposing a new filesystem hierarchy standard?
Persistent blockdev setra read ahead setting
Missing control icons in Totem (Gnome Videos)
Disable sticky keys
Using TMUX on boot up of Linux CentOS
Can I delete the MBR from GRUB?
Host lookup that respects /etc/hosts
Can I select only one result from a bash glob?
stop processing in shell script but don't exit
Would someone please explain lspci -vv output?
What is a sure fire way to find all files and/or path that contains 2 keywords?
Can I move an existing Debian installation to a RAID5?
Building pango-1.32.6 for use in building gtk3 from git
Specifying local install directory for ./configure for pango-1.32.6
Is there a file menu plugin for vim (not gVim) that creates a text-based GUI menu system?
Redirect all non-local traffic to a socks proxy
How to find files ending with ~ and pyc?
How to simulate unplugged network cable or down server?
Mangled history
How does cached memory work for executables?
How should I deal with Fedora's short life cycle?
Why is connecting scanners to Linux such a pain?
cannot boot my ubuntu partition
Hard drive/device partition naming convention in Linux
Screen fading out on GNOME, without ability to cancel
What is the use/meaning of 'swap area' while linux installation?
What is $debian_chroot in .bashrc?
Meaning of hard disk drive software partitions?
What strings should I look for in /var/log/auth.log?
Printing (saving) the last bash input command
RS232 chat. Simplest way?
Building PKGBUILD
vmlinuz file for Ubuntu
Kernel debugging
Why does 'set' syntax not work for syntax highlighting in vim?
What is meant by mounting a device in Linux?
Is it possible to know when you're at the first bash prompt of a terminal?
Evolution of Operating systems from Unix
How to identify which xterm a shell or process is running in?
ZSH autocomplete
What's a good lightweight distribution to run on old hardware?
Multiple liveCDs on one USB
Downgrading packages with pacman
How to know the "level" of shells I am in?
Application-specific keymapping
ssh and character encoding
How to print specific pages from the command line?
Is the Zalman ZM-RSSC 5.1 USB Sound Card supported in Linux?
Is the Creative Sound Blaster X-FI Surround 5.1 SB1090 USB sound card supported in Linux?
grep and tail -f?
Globally stop editors from creating ~ files
What does 'mount point' mean in a Linux installer?
How can I reproduce commands run on one machine on another machine?
unable to change window name openbox
What is the preferred way to install new versions of software?
understanding "mount" as a concept in the OS
Weird stuff going on in terminal and emacs since upgrade to Ubuntu 10.10
How do I stop Debian from overwriting /etc/resolv.conf and overwriting my VPN's nameservers?
Using awk to process multiple files need to count occurance of variable after pattern. How can I stop array resetting after each file?
Linux Output Into Table
Validate all received files having correct date
How to sysctl net related config in docker container
Ambiguous input redirect error in csh
how to block An specfic URl from engintron(nginx)
Replace any number of tabs and spaces with single new line in Linux?
Making a SCO UNIX ISO
How to detect new hard disk attached without rebooting?
Skype 4.3.0.37 on CentOS 7 failed to open
How can I repeat the last command in shell without filling up history?
Apache httpd does not load index.html when a web app is installed
Unable to install Manjaro along with Windows
Print true color (24-bit) test pattern
How to configure urxvt to display Unicode characters?
how to display and add partition in the SUN solaris OS?
Replacing a character at specific location in a file
How could I get a list of the shells in my operating system?
Can an interupt be processed by software, without hardware support?
What is syscall-template.S?
System process running in R state, strace doesn't show any output and isn't killing it -9
Conditionally extend systemd reboot timeout
Changing the file to which your command history is recorded?
Show all onu in an OLT ZTE
Why does adding an interface to a bridge disconnect the interface (for good)?
Firefox file browser across NFS mount
Cannot get Intel NUC out of fast boot mode
How to write loop over complex expressions
New Kali Linux Installation crashes with green-violet stripes
Opening a file *with partially unknown filename* in executable directory
Forensic analysis: find all files modified around a known one
Problem with sudo apt-get update
Dropping a connection upon event
Copy text in byobu when the mouse is "off"
Kernel panic after Gentoo install -- cannot open root device
better way to overwrite?
Managing iptables for specific ips and ports
Why do I experience screen freeze?
pfsense tcp connection between openvpn and lan is broken
Setup permanent bridge for dynamic network devices from lxc container?
Unable to connect remotely to custom application
How do you create a for loop with a changeable number of iterations?
What is the difference between kill , pkill and killall
passwordless ssh setup without user directory
Does LVM need a partition table?
How to handle (with LVM or DM (device mapper)) when a drive has gone away and come back as a new block device
split column after nth character
Is there a reason why the first element of a Zsh array is indexed by 1 instead of 0?
How to connect to virtual network on linux
Linux + LDAP/ActiveDirectory: Can't create a private group for the user like "username:username"
gpg: passwordless decryption works in terminal, but not in tmux based msmtp/mutt (can't open /dev/tty)
How to protect from chrooting to its linux partition and how to chroot it after using the protection?
How do I get a service on a remote CentOS 7 server to persist after I log out?
Postfix virtual aliases & domains?
Ctrl-c kills shell when pipeline is used in input redirection subshell
Aardvark Control Center wants TLS/SSE2 Library
create a user via script
`nice` not really helping on Linux
awk in ssh in su in a command substitution
terminal warn on close when opened within a script
Can the mouse pointer be made to stop at the edge of a Xinerama screen?
How to tell which partition is for windows
Using SLURM without a feature
Killing bash causes it to respawn itself
Vim, how to delete from CURRENT cursor position, until end of line and next N lines?
Set group ownership on FTP upload via an ACL
unable to view postfix email from centos 7 command line, why not?
How to make Logwatch track git commits
Fork / Cannot allocate memory
on osx vim 7.3 set number set relative number not working
How to use programs with MPI?
How to encrypt data in a folder in a samba share, and share it both encrypted and decrypted?
Find source of all installed packages on Debian based systems
Was there a '\0' at the end of every script?
"First orphan inode" in tune2fs output
How to set different wallpaper for each screen from command line in Gnome3?
How do I download a vagrant image?
How to get X output on two non-identical nVidia cards
How does executing a file change the std input?
How can I reset tmux's automatic session name numbering?
Raspbian: USB storage device name changing after USB device power cycle
Ctrl+D for ending terminal line input
extracting lines from a large text file
Correct way to add users to a Subversion repository
Real-time noise cancellation
Setting IP address of choice for a Virtual Box
Installing ruby 2.1 on Ubuntu 12.04 using ruby-install application
Why the grep result depends on folder path?
Forward all print jobs to one printer on CUPS server
Fix grub v2 bootloader configuration on running debian
Is Traffic control inside namespace on ports created by OpenvSwitch supported?
Please provide pptpd authentication methods other than chap secrets
Can't access virtual terminals after manually starting an X server
Double symlink (for partition and server)
intel_agp kernel module not found
Find the process that consumed the memory
help for user permissions and file directory access mac OS Sierra
How to print lines between same pattern with muliple occurrence?
Xorg: Independent Mode
/bin/sh: error importing function definition for `module'
How to manually synchronize a mounted webdav folder?
depmod: ERROR: Bad version passed uname
What is exactly the procedure that makes reboot possible in Linux?
trim and fade in/out video and audio with avconv (or different tool)
What's meaning of the `d` and `t.` of the `drwxrwxrwt.` in linux?
Debian: Remove redundant package terminology
Understanding sudo and possible exploit
How can I check if a file can be created or truncated/overwritten in bash?
SSH only after login?
Return Packets Not Being Routed On A Linux Router I Built
How can I read each line from a file into one variable for the last field, and another variable for the other fields?
Date not updating in .alias
How can I get colors when executing `bash -c`?
When installing Debian it on a USB external hard drive, Can the file system be corrupted during disk shutdown?
What controls the mapping between Ctrl+Alt+F keys, TTYs and X sessions?
Argument list too long error with makefile
Arch AMDGPU-PRO hw_init failed -110
How can I use awk to get value multiple times from one file to other file?
Accidentally wrote chown -R root:root /
JSON on the command line with jq in Jenkins
Re-add ncpfs module to linux kernel 4.18, with Debian
Is it possible to search for a file using the checksum instead of the name?
Remind: How to set reminder every 3 months
SIGINT fail to interrupt a process
Any tool which can identify insertion of codes within a patch after applying the patch
NTPD fails to update time correctly
How to run "install-build-deps.sh" for Chromium Building
Brightness slider absent in Kali Linux
cli php.ini and web phpinfo() not pointed
fedora 27 httpd 500 error
How can I disable preview for links in skypeforlinux?
Executing command used in bash script
How to synchronize files differing only in xattr
Linux headless server..want to know if was shutdown correctly
Where do temporary files go while installing a .deb package?
How "yum" & "dnf" package managers update executing software?
unwanted output characters eg. `^[[032m` from a script
Bash script to know when my phone extensions are unreachable?
Issues in date conversion
grep comma separated-fields with multiple conditions
Insert new line after various amount of numeric characters
Close file descriptor (in user-space) when UIO driver is unregistered (in kernel)
Can I create pkcs#7 signature using pkcs11-tool?
Nvidia driver/X only works on external Monitor [Display Port]
Can't overclock GPU using amdgpu driver on archlinux
Match in two list and make a boolean column
dpkg --dry-run option is not simulating installation properly
Can I restrict dmesg to a group?
How to run ssh command until succeeded?
full paths of iptables for up/down scripts
How do I view information about a package in nix?
converting insert into to select
Mapping mouse events to key presses using xbindkeys
Linux - Ubuntu - GUI - Remote Mouse and Keyboard from 1 master to 10 slaves
How to get process load avg without tools
Difference between wget versions
Resizing a Logical Volume holding a live virt guest
How to switch between users on one terminal?
How to have cron run a python script as root?
Trying to set up a server/workstation SLED environment
Display transfer speed when performing "cp" from the command line?
How to make unused dependencies clean with yum?
Launch a GTK3 aplication without customized gtk settings?
Pause music while screen is locked
How to generate Zipf-like samples, by using scripting language
Add in `whois` servers
pacman could not find database
sort every field numerically, varying field counts
resolv.conf + PXE server + kickstart files
Can the nouveau Xorg driver be used for a multihead workstation?
Is there a better way to unlock a file than move and copy?
Increasing serial baud rate within Ubuntu under VirtualBox
Compiling and running linux test project
How to tell what type of filesystem you're on?
How do i get screen to execute/load .zprofile when starting a new window?
Running piped bash script in background
Configure a bridged Ethernet adapter in a VirtualBox guest running Scientific Linux
Which shell should I learn for FreeBSD and Debian?
Shell script output incorrectly splitting while being passed as an argument to script
Is there a command line spell to drop a column in a CSV-file?
Postgres 9.0 linux command to windows command conversion
Is the Solaris libc based on the GNU libc?
C++ compile in Arch Linux with no g++ package in repositories
Join, filling in missing key values
Clearing DNS Cache in Linux
How to disable password prompting for automatic updates on Red Hat
dm-crypt and LUKS password rotation
Which Linux distribution is suitable for serverside development and somewhat easy to use?
Is there a difference between sudo su - root and sudo -u root -H /bin/bash?
What is the difference between root and chroot?
Cheap thin client setup with Puppy linux?
What is the difference between : and true?
Recursively replace string in files
Automount cdrom when accessed via NFS
How does GNOME Shell Extensions work?
64-bit Linux doesn't recognize my RAM between 3 and 32 GB
Merge csv files with conditions
find command: -or option doesn't work
How to give Root privileges for User in Centos 6.2 minimal
What is the source of help?
Is there a quick way to download a directory in a repo?
Why ping an IP is different to ping a website?
Hide top and bottom menus from Midnight Commander
Is there a good way to poll in a real-time process which is kernel friendly?
listing package dependents
Symbolic link permission changes
SLES 10 SP4 - how to get specific kernel source?
What is a pager?
Resume an aria2 downloaded file by its *.aria2 file
Comparing an string by value of a floating number to a number
Is the output mixed like this because of xargs and how can I fix it?
Writing content from a file to another file on set time intervals using delimiters
SSH config file + shell script help
Installing Ubuntu/Debian on 16 GB SD Card
How do you set up a "compiling parser"-like function to help with editing plain scripts in elvis?
Two monitors: intel VGA + Nvidia DVI
How can I make mailx inform me of new mail?
how to use phpmyadmin in fedora?
How not to print a new line with echo (and wc) in a shell script?
How to change GSettings without X11 running?
How to input Japanese in Debian?
"No such file or directory" as error for wrong architecture
How can I run a graphical application in a container under Wayland?
`rsync` verbosity using `--files-from`
Comparing single column of a file with another
Why LFS and CLFS change the path used to find the dynamic linker?
Perl command line RegEx not matching
Print current number of bytes in a pipe
symlinks creates duplicate folder name
Manjaro install error - Bad source
Gui cli boot arch
Trying to triple boot iMac
Where is the human parseable WiFi scanning tool for Linux?
udev device group permissions not behaving as expected
awk : best practice for loop variable naming
Why does this code work in bash v4.4 but not bash v3.2?
alias for killing all processes of a grep hit
How to change LightDM's background without using sudo and without specifying an image on /home?
How to replace a disk mounted to a specific folder without losing the stored data
Unknown mount option `relatime' when removing noexec flag
Are ASCII escape sequences and control characters pairings part of a standard?
awk : avoid substitution between two symbols
Why is echo $SHELL always showing /bin/bash?
avconv / ffmpeg threading not working
BIND9: DNS resolves sometimes (!) take very long or don't work at all
How to remove javascript from html files and leaving plain text
Problem with passing a variable to sed
Need of Dentry despite traversal could be done by Inode
Cipher compatibility between ssh client OpenSSH_3.1 and ssh server OpenSSH_7.3p1
"MPEG-1/2 does not support 3/1 fps" when sending webcam to ffserver
Get first pattern matching in a line not using cut
How do I tell I'm running in a chroot if /proc is not mounted?
Systemd service unit not starting at boot unless #[Unit] is commented out
Remove infront of word with if
Can I use ZFS on top of 3ware raid system?
Saving the output to a file when launching xfce4 terminal when using a --command switch
Is there a way that I could execute files remotely with files containing include?
Behavior of find -mtime
Yum query for dependencies
Dedicate one physcial port to one virtual port in proxmox without libvirt
Understanding kernel build options (interpreters?)
Default number of connections that are allowed per ip per minute/second
Traceroute works (very slowly) but internet doesn't work
Is it possible to rescan ttyACM ports?
sort by the maximum of the first two columns
Encrypt with GPG using a key passed as CLI argument
git ssh alias not working unless I add the key to ssh-agent (OSX)
xfs fllesystem remount doesn't work when modify quota configure
echo literal question mark in PS1
Add text to each value while looping thru and printing them in a array?
Sed and BBedit Html
Why do I need to type exit twice in my terminal?
Problems with MySQL 5.7 and reset root password when use mysql_config_editor
Why does arp -a only show some machines on my network?
Remove a specific GPG secret key
Difference between locale-archive and Machine Object files in /usr/share/locale/<locale_dir>/LC_MESSAGES/ directory?
root cron task that requires reboot will get me out of the system if I use another user?
How to hide the fact that I have Kali in the boot partition of my encrypted system?
Setting up node on Debian Jessie
Do xsel and xclip work only for copy and not for paste?
Is the default selection of xclip the primary one?
notify-send from root cron
"Failed to initialize wxWidgets" followed by core dump
How to map Ctrl-c to normal mode in zle?
How to reset bash bindings?
Custom command when pressing Power Button on GNOME 3.20
How to add all the numbers of a specific column in UNIX without using awk command?
What is the FreeBSD equivalent of "read -n"?
Install Arch Linux on existing ext4 partition
OpenWRT via static ethernet address
"Cannot allocate memory" when reading from SCSI tape
Connecting with sftp using a proxy server
Batch lowercase file extensions
Some Windows clients do not appear in Samba's DNS after joining Samba domain
Should I increase inode count for a rsync backup volume?
Get variables in two separate lines
How to reduce the number of executions with xargs -I
Debian: Failed to stop unattended-upgrades.service
Is it possible for ls to maintain the order of its inputs
Print log between two dates
ARM based box running Kernel 4.x. Create and run one GUI application without XServer or least amount of XServer
udev Sub-process /usr/bin/dpkg returned an error code (1)
Apt-get Error: apt-listchanges and debconf
How to pipe output to sh script and pipe that to a command?
autrace - Does it call auditctl or not?
Edit VLAN tag of an existing interface
Bash script failing to call other script without error
xmodmap not working for Alt-a
Monitoring number of Open FDs per process efficiently?
How can I calculate and format a date duration using GNU tools, not a result date?
Conducting multi-line string operation with awk instead of for-loop
How to create a new user with ssh access?
What determines the Linux hostname?
Error getting repository data for epel, repository not found
Use sed to retrieve variable from 1 file and place it in another
modify all of the files to read something other they what they do
Unexpected sort order in en_US.UTF-8 locale
Return line conditonally on next line
Terminal unaccessible after command
How do I apply multiple profiles at once on Gentoo?
How to watch discovery.com videos on Linux?
Rename files based on their parent directory using find/xargs command?
mpack description (-d) from a script variable
Cropping images using ImageMagick results in all output files (TIF) of same size?
how can I build the RTL8192SE driver?
Can't boot Debian after force EFI installation
Can't access web sites when running iptables script!
Allow only wrapper script but not command
What does root directory mean?
'Chain' shells' profile and runcom files?
Installing Debian but can't boot
Installing Wine 1.8 on Debian not working
How to diagnose SSH connection timeout issue?
Merge and Append columns for more than 2 files
Configuring Linux kernel
Restore boot parameters to default value Linux
How to extract first base64 code out of file?
Some packages cannot be installed using multi-arch (take two)
Which container implementation docker is using
Mounting a SafeDisc-protected ISO on Linux
what are the differences between package installers?
Would Upgrading Postgres on CentOS Break It?
dynamically combine bash functions into new shell file
How to make device appear in file manager in list of devices pane when mounting manually
Excluding specific keyword from a file
Why do I need to place “do” in the same line as “for”?
Messed up boot - System BootOrder not found
Armbian [Orange PI] remote connection
Is it dangerous to run echo without quotes?
How to declare a variable inside bash -c
Show complete workspace preview in gnome-shell activities
Why does gpg --card-status require dbus to be restarted?
Failed to start OpenLDAP Server Daemon
Can I run Linux on specific CPU cores?
Can GNU parallel output stdout before the program has exited?
How can I install upstart on debian 9?
Parsing 2 files
Get PID of focused window in wayland
Local web service for dynamic connecting to remote computers services over ssh
Fedora 28 - Sendmail 8.15 - Not accepting local connections
Access other files on Slax flash drive from within Slax
How to increase the cracking speed of fcrackzip tool?
error: Invalid Parameter on every grub2 command
"du -h -a" not show all disk usages
Example for kernel timer Implementation in Linux
./executable: cannot execute binary file
How to unpack libc6 source on Hardy using debian/rules?
What do the numbers in a man page mean?
Using xargs with input from a file
List explicitly installed packages
Applying a regex to stdin
Are RPMs valid across platforms?
DSL connection not working in Ubuntu 10.04
root user denied access to .gvfs in rsnapshot?
Make failing while trying to install SoX (spectrogram - libpng)
upgrade xdebug without using apt?
Why don't Page U/Down, Home/End work in less on Solaris over ssh from Ubuntu?
Run daemon on startup in Fedora 13 after wireless interface is up
Mount windows Users directory as /home in linux virtual machine
installing grub 2 on mdadm, which device?
Fullscreen game messes with my xrandr dual-monitor setup
Arch Linux fails to boot from a USB key (cannot mount selected partition)
How do I view the IO priority of a process?
what does the "a" in chattr +ia do?
Will the system make sure that mdadm is sync-ed before completing a reboot?
What does file version mean: lsattr -v
How can I check which shell I am currently using?
How can I list only the directories present in a directory using ls?
Why am I getting a syntax error with my Shell arithmetic?
Would it be possible to jump between prev/next command prompts?
making ssh hosts global to all the users on the computer
back-up database in Linux partition from windows partition!
Is there any profit in using contiguous space in lvm?
NGINX not running as configured user
Identifying disk drives during RHEL/CentOS/Fedora Installation
List connected clients to an iscsi target
Proper permissions on SFTP upload and download subdirectories in a user's home directory?
Troff Load User Font
How to set up keyboard shortuts with custom modifiers (like Mod3) in Cinnamon?
How to make tar globbing work with the 'change directory' option
Show running processes with file name(s)?
Manually copying MBR from one drive to the other GPT drive and configuring GRUB results in booting failure
Console font - how to show accents?
GRUB can't find an existing file?
Strange crontab-script interaction (bash)
How to use socks proxy for commands in Terminal such as youtube-dl?
Arch Linux: How to ignore certain packages for certain repositories using pacman?
Output to stdout and at the same time grep into a file
Iptables forward with pptp and openvpn
Apache created files and its permissions for CentOS 6.x
File extensions and association with programs in linux
Setting the minimum pointer speed with no usable GNOME GUI
CentOS GUI problem using Gnome
brcmsmac does not work
What are some ways to compare file type and encodings to resolve buggy grep...?
How do I use implicit FTP over TLS
Arch linux : pacman does not work when chrooting
tmux.conf file will not use backslash comma in lines \;
What is the relationship (similarity and differences) between /proc/devices and /dev entries in Linux?
How to stop scrolling from changing workspaces in i3 on CrunchBang++?
create flat tar archive: ignoring all parents when adding folders
Blocking SSH Brute Force attacks on IPv6
List only the count of all files/directories for the directory tree of present directory
Reinstalling packages with missing/corrupt files
List all files with the same name and number of that files
How to hide a window's toolbar temporarily
Replace pattern with line from file using awk/sed
How to insert named register from vim commandline
Udev hwdb rule does not work
Fix for ugly fonts in programs like KeePassXC or Nextcloud on Antergos with Gnome3
gnome/gtk: disable middle click paste via terminal
How can I set up aliases using bash in Solaris 5.10
Faster way to search through many files using a set of given strings
WiFi is constantly trying to connect but getting disconnected
how do I make a grub boot disk with multiple boot images
Arch Linux: Despite ot static ip configuration I get a DHCP address
My cron job is not sending an email with any output, I see only a blank email
rsync over SSH sometimes very slow--other times maxes out bandwidth
Run a script on a failed screen unlock attempt
Partitioning a 2tb drive
How to change Firefox icon shown on panel and menus?
Monit daemon interval setting...global or service-level?
Are the SSH manual pages wrong?
Iptables - modprobe: FATAL - Fail2ban random restarts
ldconfig not finding libprotobuf.so
How do I install/uninstall GRUB to change the primary boot manager owner?
Ubuntu 19.10 - Add transparency to Files (Nautilus, and other apps) on a permanent basis
Control_L + Shift_L + t not working
What parts of the kernel are not namespace aware?
Script - Print out commands also
sleep, suspend, command not working neither screen goes blank on timeout nor screen get auto lock on kali linux
Vim freezes after Ctrl-S
Evaluation order of duplicated kernel parameters
How to actually-really-copy a file to an ext4 pendrive using dolphin?
xdotool send keystroke even when windows does not have focus
How to rename a custom source APT repository?
Stuck in broken i3 wm and don't know how to get it back to xfce
Debian Stretch freezes on reboot
Debian 'bullseye' - mouse pointer disappears on GNOME3 backgrounds
Centos 8 - VirtualBox 6.0 Install - kernel module issues
How to get tail result with line number
Discrepancy between linux man page and implementation of mmap
How to read two variables under one read command and echo them separately?
optimus-manager doesn't work on MSI laptop
I have an issue while recovery of grub
On Linux, source different .zshrc files for different apps
aircrack , Please specify a dictionary (option -w)?
Sorting multiline expressions
Gparted: Cannot create extended partition
cryptsetup resize returns device not active, despite cryptdisk status returning active and in use (resizing LVM-on-LUKS)
A Compose Key as a Part of a Layout Switch Combination
Can't change static ip using network in centos8?
grub error: Invalid output terminal "serial_com1 serial_com0"
Remove one or more fields, delimited by a "-", at end of line
What Exactly is the Difference among Direct, Buffered, Synchronous, and Asynchronous I/O?
Why bash redirection to a file happens in append mode
Find files with user specified extensions
How to run xorg on virtual console 7 and not 1
How to manually mount the virtual file systems, to copy MTD partitions
Manjaro KDE multimonitor issues - GPU outputs not detected after restart
Boot problems on Ubuntu 16.04 (elementary os) with kernel 4.4.0-145
Recover file list from NTFS formatted (MBR) failing hard drive
Neomutt - Can't display Swedish characters
Where does Signal store private messages, and how can I restore from a backup?
unlink/rm target of an open symlink
Can't find the source of startup httpdmas at bootup
Nvidia card is not recognized by xorg
du not respecting its own flag?
Using printf with escape sequences?
Where is libsystemd.so located on ARM devices?
Unable To Load Regulatory Database
How to calculate mean of each 3 columns in data frame?
exiting from script
Xenix / SCO V running in contemporary machines as VMs
How to determine which desktop environment is installed from the shell?
How do I open a file with ansible-vault edit from inside vim?
Libinput 3 finger gestures
Docker could not find an available, non-overlapping IPv4 address pool
bash custom builtin
How to install Kdenlive on Kali Linux?
What does 01:00.0 mean with respect to graphics?
Can I make a USB port on my Linux computer look like a mass storage device?
git push fails with remote: error: hook declined to update refs/heads/master
How to block all the network traffic from my running user
Apache ownership and permissions for wordpress
mount.nfs: access denied by server while mounting on Ubuntu machines?
GLib-GObject-WARNING: Core dump when running Inkscape on Ubuntu 13.04
Command not found in zsh
Elementary OS System Settings has disappeared
PAM - required and sufficient control flag
Backlight control manjaro linux
Why is rm slow on an external storage drive (USB-connected, type fuseblk) with 50Gb of files?
How to build nginx on Ubuntu with cache_purge module?
How to start aufs for two local directories
Automatically start an application with a modifed LD_PRELOAD?
Gives access to root user for a period of time
Pipeline with grep and find prints numbers infront of result
Customize Top Panel / Global Menu / Super-Wingpanel in Elementary OS Luna
Cron does not execute xinit command
How to add zero (0) in blanks in a big file (example file is below)
jbd2 journal constant i/o
Problem with formatting Flash Disk
Linux: difference between using autofs with NFS and just using fstab
X hangs after hibernating Fedora 18
How to change swap partition from primary to logical?
Is there any way to use xargs across a pipe?
High IO-APIC-fasteoi interrupt usage eth0
Does traffic addressed to one of a Linux system's own interfaces ever leave the system?
Libav: Find out the exact time that the first frame coming from an RTSP stream was dumped into a file
How do I install Awesome Windows Manager in Terminal?
Finding modified date and time of file from recovered disk image
Identify and assign most recent file to shell variable
How to mv and adopt target directory permissions
securely automating a script which requires a key to do its task
compiling nginx shell fails from salt provisioner
My handwritten C++ Makefile gives command not found
Install b43 firmware from Arch Install Media
How to start ipsec on Gentoo after migrated to systemd?
What is a program I can use to mess up a GNU/Linux system in an automated way?
Whta does '\+::::::/bin/bash' in /etc/passwd mean?
Copy files from a list to a folder
Automount with autofs, encfs and keyring access
1 VM host 2 PostgreSQL Databases
UEFI firmware resetting bootorder
saned accepting scans initiated on scanner/MFP
Hash sum of partitions that haven't been mounted changes every time after a live usb run
Run a script after login that prints to the terminal a welcome message?
Limiting IP forwarding between certain interfaces/networks
Centos 7 Installation problems
Is it possible to print an iterated range of arguments via cli from a csv? (see example)
How can I use a triple slash as a delimiter with cut?
What happens when two apt packages depend on two different versions of the same package?
How to encrypt a file or a folder on f2fs?
If we have 3 layers for any Nix system, where are web servers situated?
rtcwake not working on Ubuntu 14.04 installed on MacBook Air (mid 2012)
How to list the kernel Device Tree
What does the following script do?
How to make a key simulate another key?
Archlinux: No binaries can be executed
Kernel panic on "apt-get upgrade" with DWA-160
Disable Ctrl+Alt Hotkeys in certain programs
GRUB2 Insert additional kernel modules
How do you make a star symbol with the compose key in Linux?
Why Process/program becomes zombie?
How do I run this C program after starting X server?
background process pipe-input
Sending a file as the body of an email
Creating a terminal application from a shell script
How do I resolve "xrandr: cannot find crtc for output"?
Weird issue with unmet dependencies when cloning package states from earlier installation on same machine
How to use find to remove *.py~ and *.pyc files at once?
GRUB2 and kernel vga= parameter
How to change the default "fullscreen" monitor?
zsh is in /usr/bin, but also in /bin, what is the difference?
sigaction(7): semantics of siginfo_t's si_code member
Move terminal emulator process from xorg to tty?
What is the meaning of this test expression
lp command can’t open samba url
No internet access for system services; however, browser access works
Run two commands based upon output of first
How to backup wlan configuration?
What should/shouldn't go in .zshenv, .zshrc, .zlogin, .zprofile, .zlogout?
End process from another SSH window
How to add GTK Theme Preference on Gnome 2 using FreeBSD
Arch Linux installation on VMWare will not proceed
Environment variable does not seem to work in sudo
Crash analysis and 4 levels of page table
How to switch back and forth between users quickly on a single terminal?
See latest added data in MySQL DB, Debian
How can i change the color in the panel when a program needs attention?
Files created by 'make' aren't getting executable permissions by default
Booting straight into Windows, no Grub in BIOS
Active Directory Users and Computers
Converting Old PGP Keys to GPG - [RESOLVED]
Debian Stretch won't resolve hostname, but IP works
openssl command queries NGINX by ip and not hostname
Having trouble with sqlite3 ssh command (I am assuming bad quotes)
How to transfer files to other system ,when system is blocked for any outside connection
Can I set env var and use it in the same command line?
Can't login to debian GUI
Offline install of a flatpak application
Splitting file in equal size files and give these files as input to a shell script which should run parallely
What are link "scopes" in systemd?
Automating Logging Into OS X After System Restart
Cisco AnyConnect on Raspbian
Preventing any external mysql login tries
How to download a document from a webpage with wget
How do you connect directly to wifi access point without scanning? (wpa_supplicant)
How to deal with underscores in hostnames?
Open xdg-open to download files not working on google-chrome
Unable to see agetty ttyS0 in process list when connected with serial console
Add icons/menu items for applications in XFCE
how to check if the first line of file contain a specific string?
Using git interactive rebase from within a bash script
Xampp launcher does not open window
How to find out if systemd uses legacy, hybrid or unified mode (cgroupsv1 vs cgroupsv2)?
Running make -j$(nproc) or make modules -j$(nproc)
ORTE_ERROR_LOG, what does it mean?
Copy log files when system goes down
The console terminal demonstrate by who
sshfs: chroot all non-root users to specific directory
Zsh: source scripts recursively
Bind mounts within bind mounts
Create temporary folder for ssh session only in Ubuntu
How can I make a custom shell?
Getting 403 in any php located in wp folders
AIX: lsdev error on pkcs11 device
How to cat a file with "or" options
how to crash linux kernel
Nagios/SNMP - devices alerting when ppp/tun connections cycle