run loop for extracting part of a file name and run some commands
Run shell script after reboot in beaglebone black
Directory link works inside of path, permission denied in home folder or other locations
How to disable that a key interrupts the autorepeat of another key?
qemu KVM audio not working on guest OS
CentOS7 Yum Update, Conflict with Base and Update Repositories
Looping over variables within an awk command
Two files in same folder with same name - need to delete one but not both
What does **/*(D.) mean in (zsh) sed arguments?
Intended use of ctrl+T in bash?
harddisks change /dev name while running
How do I get a deleted icon(widget) back in KDE Search & Launch?
How to copy/merge two directories and if two files have the same name rename the older one appending its modification time
"DoS" protection by default on Linux
Changing PXE preseed instructions based on desktop vs laptop?
What is the purpose/benefit of putting "./" at the begining of a path?
How do I install and use Galera and MariaDB 10.1 on RHEL or CentOS with SELinux Enabled
Keep all files of the same month + latest file before that, remove the rest
echo/printf redirection not working in background process
Error when creating new partition on /dev/sda, "No free sectors available"
How can I close all currently running graphical programs?
Lxc Container install programs
Passing variable in init.d script
Restore from lost+found
Upgrading sources.list.d
Linux tun interface packet routing
How to recover the data that has possibly overwriten by the installation of another system?
Bash rename 360 000 files using find -exec
Making a text file of list of directory entries in bin
How to configure the Screen Locker
Systemd config for later mounted encrypted volume with services working on it
How are logical partitions represented in Linux?
Connection lost to VPS While using iptables by default policy as DROP for INPUT, OUTPUT, FORWARD
How do I remove a particular default xterm X11 translation?
Why does Linux use SCSI drivers for non-SCSI devices?
Trouble with installing libqca2-dev on ubuntu 12.04
Why are tcpdump packets being dropped by interface?
What exactly is the difference between pipes and streams?
/etc/passwd permissions and GECOS field
Relay access error when I try to send mail from outside to postfix
Postfix multi IP/Domain SMTP Helo'ing
Monitor the creation of new processes
generate traffic at wire speed
Why does same program requires yum update on one machine but not another?
How to use VPN with group security and hardware token?
Where does Nautilus get its file type description
npm on ARM return TypeError: Bad argument
Difference between including / at the end of a directory path and and omitting it
PPTP port forwarding
postfix multidomain myhostname configuration
perl env path in .bashrc
Drawing a histogram from a bash command output
USB3 to Ethernet stops after sometimes
Blank console when exiting X
guest owns NIC, host and other guests access via NAT
Modifying part of a string in bash script
Cannot telnet to private IP or to port
-bash: cannot create temp file for here-document: Permission denied
Redirect links of a php application
Install Realtek HD Audio Codec in Fedora 25
Hash a file by 64MB blocks?
unix throws error "sh: mntroot: not found" when doing sshpass with @host command, how to solve this?
Ubuntu Tweak Tool is missing the Typing tab in Pop!OS 17.10 (Gnome 3)
Start tmux and execute a set of commands on boot
Docker build via proxy returned TLS handshake timeout
How to subtract two list (fast)?
How do you use a serial console to start and log into Oracle Linux/RHEL?
Pass arguments from previous commands (pipes) to awk/printf function and format output
KDE input not allowing accented characters
Where does Debian/Kde defines locale for users
Backup a directory to a destination already having an older backup?
Nvidia and Bumblebee
bash redirect to file if file does not exist
Extending swap on Centos
Thunderbird: Override colors in received HTML emails
Counting comma separated characters in a row
Why uninstalling openjdk automatically triggers an installation of the alternatives on zypper openSUSE?
How to install IBM DB2 Database Driver on Ubuntu for Node.js
xargs how to put result {} into $(cmd {})?
Why is my keyboard input slow in Xorg?
Thunderbird: hide tag notification in the message header
If UID=1000 continues, else exit
MasterPDFEditor use black theme for PDF pages
Communicating from bash with grunt shell
Desktop app run by admin user (but not explicitly with sudo) takes file ownership of shared file
Setting regions in a Screen session
How can you achieve vi's `se ai` in Emacs?
Use minisat to find all solutions to SAT
What are good document organization utilities?
Live Distros: UBCD boot Deft, Caine, and Tails from Custom Menu
Debian Wheezy can not use LDOCE5
How to get wget to use the direct URL file name as output file name for a shortened URL
(Vim) How to use TAB for indentation in all file types?
Find directories and files with permissions other than 775 / 664
Unix - Addressing filename with space for script
Where is the input method configuration file?
KDE5 : a mix of UTF-8 and ISO-8859-1
How to capture "$?" before tee smashes it?
Ubuntu Mint 17.2 ,USB Mouse and Keyboard sometimes only works in Safe Mode
Run X11 only apps with custom font size and font style
Run executable with variable in Bash
How to install man pages on centos?
prevent from writing to a large continuous section of virtual memory
How can I restart firefox from commandline?
dnf - how to show which mirror url has been chosen?
remove files based upon diff of two text files
control-w (delete word) deletes whole line in MariaDB client
Fedora 23 - can't re-login after logout
unable to boot with GRUB after installing arch-linux
When is /bin/sync ever useful in modern linux?
Where should an application be installed if it consists of multiple files?
File manipulation; Insert a ";" every 12th, 44th and 60th character in every line of a text file
How bash changes environmental variables on-the-fly?
Interrupt kernel process or another interrupt
RHEL 7 Still CPU Frequency Scaling
What is a symbolic link made from? Understanding the structure of symlinks
Why wget is not willing to download recursively?
Number of occurrences in a text file where first character after 12th pipe is equal to 1?
How to know if port 25 is blocked?
apt-get not installing package but no error?
How to set up Python path?
how to deallocate /dev/ram0
How to unmount NTFS USB stick in Mate?
Systemd watchdog kills services after changing system time manually
How to only keep BMP in the utf-8 text file?
How can I change a flash drive back after making it a bootable device for Ubuntu installation?
Why is `which <command>` not picking up aliases?
Update included makefiles on running main-Makefile
Find and replace Pipe using awk command
How to extract lines knowing start and end lines
from Grub to initramfs to end kernel panic - surface 3
Apache version viewer command httpd -v is not working
Temporary folder that automatically destroyed after process exit
Establishing reverse SSH-tunnels via systemd
Install custom perl modules
What does rx_csum_offload_errors mean?
How do I check the kernel version of a specific Linux distro version (not installed)?
Is there a GUI tool to organize 'open with' entries?
One folder - multiple user permission
Understanding how MobaXterm keeps an ssh connection alive
Set SMB2 protocol in Samba 3.6.6
journald - resent archived logs to logging socket
fc-list is empty
Add .pcf bitmap lemon font to the urxvt .Xdefault config
automatize partition creation with fdisk
How to find accumulated duration on several mp3 with command line?
Install Debian netinst on macbook pro 2018
Script for converting .org to .xml
Permission problem with equivs-build
Why would ps *very* occasionally fail to find a valid process?
BTRFS Raid 1 vs. MDADM Raid 1
Missing HDD space
Programs fail to run after moving /home to a different partition on same drive
Why were "USB-stick stall" problems reported in 2013? Why wasn't this problem solved by the existing "No-I/O dirty throttling" code?
How to input from headphone mic, output to built-in speakers
loadaddress of ramfs
"Globally Store" PID of file started from bash script
CentOS and Switching Unix Shells
Linux: Find the second biggest file/directory in size using commands
Network Switching
How to restore Okular default (toolbar) settings
Hostapd on a Raspberry Pi 3 with external WiFi card
Windows won't boot after re-mounting drive in Linux
Why can I not run KDE redshift in a cronjob?
Can I ask Tmux to immediately exit copy mode and paste the content when I yank?
Why not allow all users to schedule jobs with crontabs?
Why is my linux screen blurry on my monitor but it isn't when running Windows?
How shall I understand the unified format of diff output?
Number of home directories in children of /
How to start tmux upon running terminal?
How to record PID and its command every 15s?
What do comm and diff try to accomplish at input/output level?
Docker – debian:stretch-slim – install man and view manpages
xclip copy file so it can be pasted as a file (not file content)
Aggregate usage stats by user
Writeback cache (`dirty`) seems to be limited to even less than dirty_background_ratio. What is it being limited by? How is this limit calculated?
How can I make ANSI RGB color codes bold?
What does dead.letter files do
Gnome panel missing application icons, chat bubble menu, and power menu
How similar is Apple's terminal.app to a bash terminal on Linux?
How can I debug a Suspend-to-RAM issue on Linux?
How would I go about getting UPnP working on a Slackware server/firewall?
Writing a makefile to install manual pages for a library
In SciTe (Scintilla), how can I create Syntax-Highlighting for my own custom language?
renaming files without the **rename** command
ZSH to auto-complete directories in command-line arguments?
What is the bash shortcut to change to the previous directory?
“free-as-in-speech” vs. "free-as-in-beer”
fdisk unable to open
Remove end of line characters from stdout? Multiple lines into a single line
How do I watch my webcams feed in linux
Linux distro installation on 64 bit processor
How to optimize wget download script
gnome-settings-daemon not saving Settings after reboot; Mint 14 XFCE
Parallels Tools breaks SFML
Split column into separate columns
rm not deleting file, thinks its a directory
SSH command not exiting properly
sshfs remount hangs
Preinstalled windows 8.1 not booting after installing Linux mint 17.1
XFCE4: Changing workspaces while moving window
Unable to execute program without root privileges regardless of group or permissions
What do the processes inside a Docker container look like?
How to move all files (excluding sub-directories) from one directory to another?
Cannot run ssh after upgrade to OpenSSL 1.0.1p
TFTP times out when connecting to Docker server
logadm permission issue in Solaris
i915 - Intel BayTrail - graphics artifacts
Is it possible to have some shared objects be preloaded asynchronously during boot?
Clubbing Remote Processing Power
Unable to get back to bash prompt after strange command
Simple way to see the content of directories in Linux/UNIX file systems
Replace regex match with string containing match
How to rename all files with special characters and spaces in a directory?
2 passwords for login
GRUB: how to change default disk for future OS updates?
reverse cat files order
HTML document as .zip file, can't unzip
Mint 17.2 Synaptic Package Manager
Chromium web browser: user specific /etc/chromium/policies/managed/ policy file
Synchronize systemd unit based on timers
Correctly determining memory usage in Linux
Redirecting/grep'ing an existing shell's STDOUT
How does << work and what is it called?
How can ubuntu/truecrypt be configured so users can mount volumes if-and-only-if they have proper permissions on the mount-point?
Self contained VirtualBox VM
Move a logical volume from one volume group to another
permission reporting on sudoers
Is it possible to enable execution of files from a cifs mount in bash?
VMWare daemon doesn't startup when system starts
sort at jobs chronologically
Exploring RAM contents
How do I change the font size when using lp on Linux?
Are unix[-like] programs capable of determing where their output is going?
Can someone recommend a Linux Distro for purposes of just running a DNS?
How to link a folder to create a shortcut
Tuxcut -software in ubuntu
Trying to set JAVA_HOME in ~/.bashrc
Terminal Character Encoding Issue BitchX
What is the concept of Drives in Unix Systems?
Basic OS for Wireless Transmitting & Receiving
Finding Stalled or Failed Updates on System
Viewing .doc and .docx documents with MathType equations on Linux
How are you organizing your $HOME?
Is there an application to find similar documents?
diff - output line-numbers
HP-UX 9: Backup filesystem using tar
Build an Affordable Linux Tablet
Poor network performance from KVM virtual machine
Best practice when installing programs in FreeBSD?
Get the maximum sum for a file on 2 keys
Unreferenced inodes on EC2 linux instance
Domain has exceeded the max defers and failures per hour - No Cpanel
redirecting output of /dev/fb0 to /dev/fb2
dd to clone to smaller sdcard
Why am I getting inconsistent IP values from icanhazip.com or curlmyip.com?
How can I find where LANG, LANGUAGE and MAIL environmental variables are set?
Where can I find out the names and definitions of all the grub.conf kernel= parameters (specifically RHEL6)?
Does this file exist or not?
How to schedule jobs on Arch Linux?
Extract contents of jar file to curl using scp
Zsh tab completions not working as desired for partial paths
Use of sed in perl?
GCC error trying to exec 'cc1'
Variable with multiple values in Bash
Where to get UUID libraries and code
VirtualBox abnormal behavior when mouse focus from iMac Maverick to vm running Debian wheezy
How long should I wait between keystrokes when doing SysRq + REISUB?
ls recursive on home dir only with no flags specfied other than color
How can I continue past this point in installing Solaris 11 under VMware Fusion 5.0.4 on Mavericks?
How can I make C-j send a newline in the tmux command line?
How to set up smtp and send emails?
Specify word length in agrep?
Running Nemo errors with: Settings schema 'org.nemo.preferences' is not installed
How does Linux handle drivers when changing systems?
How to configure XFCE to handle keyboard shortcuts\hotkeys on key-release\up, not key-press
Constraints on gcc / glibc versions between build and run
how to save one line as one file with counter number names
help to analyse a log file
Can you set Linux sysctl values at compile time
SSH connect to HOSTNAME port 22: Connection timed out
Generating a keytab for Active Directory user?
Failed to start PostgreSQL 9.5 with systemctl - SELinux
Apache log sorting most visited ip
Differences and relations between VIRT and USED in output of top?
What does it mean that a page fault may or may not involve auxillary storage access in making that page available
Dropbox GUI issues in Fedora 23 running Cinnamon
LibreOffice has weird gradient UI
If it possible to permanently set a loose source routing option to all ip packages to a specific ip address?
SSH in local network while hosting same network
Extract hard link files with tar
How to empty trash on boot partition
fortran program crashes instantly with segmentation fault
How to install mailman when it needs an older version of Python?
What's the usage of rbash?
Arch - prevent GUI from start
How to solve File-based locking initialisation failed.
How to disable PackageKit software update password dialog?
Taking a picture with a laptop webcam after entering an incorrect password
What is the difference between a name and a label in gparted?
How do I define an Ubuntu Linux16.04 systemd service for fastcgi-mono-server4 or xsp4?
Line across the entire screen that occurs only when running Xfce with a Dock application
Why I'm able to configure IP address on bridged interface?
How do I find the string after a regexp on a single line of text?
Convert non-raid disk with data into RAID 1 disk (hardware controller)
What features of Squid 3 would allow the blocking of all traffic and then just adding servers to a whitelist that are allowed through?
Mouse cursor & video display issues since upgrading to Lubuntu 16.04
Having hard time getting my public key to work
Difference between "command not found" and "no such file or directory"?
How to match "4.4" from `uname -r`?
How to `exec` process with custom env?
Write shell script for logging in servers and run command after logging in
systemd: lie about process name using sh -c exec idiom
copy lines of text between two files using string matches
How can I get an Ubuntu 12.04 box to do an aptitude update; aptitude upgrade?
ubuntu: sudo find / -type d -exec chmod -Rf a-wr {} \; the user can't login
wine in Xmonad is not tiling
Unix mail command not sending email
Quota utilities
How to fix mpc timeout error
Failed to get bus connection: Could not connect: Connection refused
Determining LVM Extent numbers for given file
How to troubleshoot a network adapter on an AIX 4.3.3 machine
Montage together five gifs
What's the best tool chain or single tool to transform a NTFS to ext[n] filesystem?
Step-by-step guide for installation of 2 different Linux OSs and Window OS - on the same computer
SSH getting disrupted intermittently
Is it possible to mount an NFS partition with a label?
What does this logrotate nginx config do?
How to avoid warnings from subshells if the function in PROMPT_COMMAND is not defined?
chkconfig bootup script failing, script runs good manually
ssh log sent to email in Cygwin
Send a packet over the network even when its target is the local host
Bluetooth: Unable to connect internet on laptop from Nokia N73
Cannot remove iwlwifi module, even though interface is down
Is there a way to "stabilize" past built unstable Gentoo binary packages without rebuilding?
where is this HOME environment variable and what do I have to add -H too it?
route add no longer works when I connected to VPN via cisco anyconnect client
Run a php file as service?
How to run just linux kernel in vmware?
How much swap space should I use?
How to view the read and write from the application
How to get pid of su --session-command file thats ran on there
What graphical programming language does OpenBox use primarily?
Why there is no Linux Handbook?
Apache Virtual Host pointing to wrong DocumentRoot
VPN with iptables and routing: access port from local network
How to show USED in the output of top?
Problem with phpmyadmin
How is the IMQ device positioned in the packet flow of the Linux kernel
unable to install anything using apt-get because of insserv
Unix shell scripting select and case statement
kernel init without 'root=' parameter
How to restart network in ubuntu server 14.04.04？
Do RES and USED of a process include the cache and buffer of the process?
Does top read some system files?
How to resolve a variable's value inside an array in bash
Laggy, hanging, unstable bluetooth keyboard with Linux only
Strace output not showing system call
How to install VirtualBox Extension Pack to VirtualBox latest version on Linux?
check if there is a link from the current file
Curl a string with whitespaces and characters in it?
Share an instance of inotify between processes
Configure nautilus icon for new mime type
Images and Stylesheets not loading from squid due to a bad certificate?
Changing IP Address in terminal
Add parameters to NFS mount
When files are being moved are they stored in a memory?
Qemu top panel (which contains the "Exit full screen" button) doesn't appear in full screen
Can we run two system dbus processes of different version?
rpm -Vf doesn't report a changed file
How to decrease speed/priority of file transfer (graphical)?
why local CPU must have interrupts enabled, otherwise kernel preemption is not performed?
Getting script's real absolute path in /bin/sh
Why is this commented out crontab file line executed?
Can't remove ttyS0 from /etc/securetty
pgloader in centOS 6.7
set partition bootable with gdisk GPT
How to get apt package cache directory location?
How to harden su with dpkg-statoverride?
How can I include an image in a Mailman footer?
How to transform two delimited ASCII files
Confused about word boundary
Confused about inverse grep
Why is this Bash command using regex not replacing my brackets?
How to disable trash?
Could not resolve host error
Boot windows from grub rescue command prompt
incrontab reports modifying a file that doesn't exists
encfs encryted encfs6.xml itself
"Xterm" or "xterm" in configuration file
Locate --regex with negative lookahead
Mount posixovl using fstab
Are there CLI programs or commands to manipulate *.gdbm files
Is it possible to escape quotes within escape quotes within escape quotes within escape quotes?
Is there a way/program to count the discharge cycles of my laptop battery?
why is makepkg not working in Arch linux?
how to re-use existing completion with recent bash-completion?
Determine the tmux session a shell session belongs to?
"Replace" default shell (bash) with tmux
Does Linux have any symlinks by default?
How Can I Set Up DNS Server on Virtual Network w/out Internet?
FreeBSD "Fatal double fault" upon entering ZFS encryption password
Access display from network namespace
How to convert a merged file generated by cat command into individual files in terminal?
Reinstalling Apache on Raspberry Pi
Got weird result when executing bash command "cd /usr/share/; ls *z "
How can I setup a separate bash environment with only GNU utilities on OS X?
Display network name in xmobar
Shell Script: Sending input to background process
Helping with sed - remove specific lines with certain string
Why does bash parameter expansion not work inside systemd service files?
Does Linux automatically clean up abstract domain sockets?
Installing python on CentOS
Caja - Respawning too rapidly
script for copying directories with particular increment
VDI size increase not reflecting
No wireless in Archlinux Gnome3
LVM2: Obtaining lv and vg names from path (volume group name and logical volume name)
How to merge text of alphabetic lines with the numeric lines in shell?
How to restore a Fat32 filesystem under Linux
Fedora session / process startup issues
Good ways to host or distribute my patch for the Linux Kernel Mailing List
Script that checks and saves text to file
Low Cost, 2 Ethernet Ports & Runs Linux
Can I connect to Windows machine from Linux shell?
Mumble doesn't bind to network address on boot, needs to be restarted (doesn't properly wait for network?)
Add character to beginning and end of column
What is wrong with this "find all vim swap files and remove them with a confirmation" command?
How do I set up alpine to read local Unix generated mail
List of script( location)s that get run automatically, and when?
iptables on tor exit node
Configurations needed to be done post GCC compilation and installation
Running script before shutdown seemingly not working
How to change Firefox language?
Multiple subnets on multiple virtual interfaces with one physical interface
Way to determine where certain global parameter is configured
bash script with network request in pure lsb environment
UNIX move file name with sysdate
Decreasing hard drive sync time with Unison
Do I have duplicate packages?
Run a vim macro from inside a bash script
How can I check mnt location?
How much RAM can an application allocate on 64-bit x86 Linux systems?
Why can't I create a directory by full relative path argument?
increment a date in a file with format dd-mmm-yyy
Tmux 2.6 copy-mode key-binding
Repeated DNS query on Ubuntu
using a chroot jail to change the results of uname -n
Auto startx before login on FreeBSD
Mismatched APT Dependencies
Text processing - Replace second from start and second from end per line
How to use the output of a command as a variable in a script?
Recover an overwritten file with cp
MySQL dump, access denied 1045 with correct username and password
Run entire bash script as root or use sudo on the commands that need it?
Best way to obfuscate AIX script
Handle wildcards matching no file in bash
How to make CUPS show a USB printer as disabled when it is disconnected?
How do I prevent the Keyboard Interrupt from being sent through the Screen program
“GLIBC” can not be used when I have installed the gcc 5.1.0
Is it possible to expose a USB UPS via SNMPD?
floppy disks only detected properly on same drive
iscsi vs iscsid services
Do I want a Repeater or a Bridge? (OpenWrt)
Why does Linux scheduler have locks for run queues?
Elementary OS different wallpapers on each monitor
Redirect outbound traffic on LAN going to port 443 to port 80 or 8080 instead
What is the current difference between CentOS and Red Hat Enterprise Linux?
IBM AIX find src_dir -type d -exec mkdir -p "dst_dir/{}" \; doesn't work
Linux - Identify a multi-pattern in a set of lines and replace
Keep values in a particular column based on priority and remove the other values for each row
Why doesn't Samba represent Linux symlinks as NTFS symlinks?
what's some good fonts for dual arabic and english use in linux debian?
Is there a home directory location for overriding icons?
Perl script giving different output on bash shell in Linux and /sbin/sh shell on HP unix
Remove Google Play Music from Debian
openssl wrong certs directory
How to connect to mysql remotely via SSH tunnel without password
Hibernation randomly fails with black screen
Setting bluetooth speaker (UE Boom 2) in Xfce (Mint 18.2)
sed command in script function not working?
Strange mdadm raid1 uuid behavior
How to log GPU load?
dirmngr does not start with proper home directory unless it is restarted
How can I securely delete the contents of a thumb drive so data can't be recovered.
DBD/DBI: Crashes if a program is forked
Why does the parameter $0 give me only the basename instead of full path after converting x-shellscript to x-executable?
Debian jessie boot hangs at "Started Update UTMP about System Runlevel Changes."
How can the read/write speed of a partition or drive be measured?
Display raspberry Pi via Gnu/Linux
Why doesn't `date +%F_%T` work in crontab?
Any application to play song when headset is inserted
What is the proper way to start a driver on boot?
Specify cursor position and mode when opening file in vim
How can I use fdisk to create a ntfs partition on /dev/sdx?
copied a folder - getting different used space on destination (using FreeBSD and UFS)
How to run Unix?
Standard environment variables for distribution-specific paths
Deleting symbolic links - Logics and how to
how to write python code to change display color
How do desktop environments get login details and process them?
Bash tab complete with non-first token in command substitution $(...) throws error
Does directory match array variable
Symmetric Difference Pipe?
Using IPV6 in Hetzener under KVM virtualization
Hide/Encrypt application configuration
Provide password to bash script
How to adjust TTY terminal window size in VirtualBox?
awk print two substrings
Mutt Composition - When composing an email prevent "CC:" Question
Removing first forward slash from string
How does `diff` decide whether a difference is change (i.e. replacement) or combination of addition and deletion?
AS I login to a server get the message ": command not found..."
nvcc error, "no command" verifying installation of CUDA 10 on Debian 9 Stretch
Bluetooth on Debian on a Toshiba Satellite C50-B
Mutt Forwarding with Attachment - Macros for tagging all attachments
ionice does not have any effect on un-synced writes (i.e. normal writes)?
Why does C programming need a compiler and shell scripts don't?
does journalctl eliminate the need for most logging?
Local Persistent DNS Caching Server
How to print next line on current line if next line contains some character?
Bash script to check label
rpm package management on system without inet access
How to get disk read/write stats information without new dependencies?
Other alternatives of column command
How to wipe or write zeroes to hard disk using /dev/sg2
How to display the csv file columns in the order of cut specified
How can I view the state of and control a python script running regularly on a server?
systemd - how to get it to show network config immediately following network startup?
Get number of bytes/packets in and out on a specific TCP/UDP port
Why does Fail2ban not send mail for one particular jail?
Why does my binded key result in an extra tilde?
Don't read specified file source in syslog-ng?
find+grep fails
Bash: Syntax error near unexpected token `)'
Building software for Linux generated using multistrap
How can I make `time` use the same format when there is stdin present?
Errors while compiling C code
"ssh-add -d" refused to remove identity
CentOS 7 GUI or CLI not loading
How to know last Sunday of month
Filenames containing whitespace are not listed correctly
Cannot load libphp5.so undefined symbol: unixd_config apache service not start
How to get a name of older package?
sed + how to remove the word if one of the characters in word contain "m" or "M"
run a graphical web browser on windows subsystem for linux?
How to highlight entire line on matching a word within the line in egrep?
linux mtp permit only read file
Can't Install Correct Kernel Headers
Create tunnel from Host to Gateway
Move Files from Directory up one level
How to install R-base sid in Debian jessie?
Disable double at(@) sign in exim
Is there a Linux command that does nothing, but never exits?
sed command - Replace string in file
There is no mysqld under the /etc/init.d after I installed the Mysql use yum
error installing scikit-learn
Bash Script, find file size and compare not running
What is machine-id?
Which nvidia driver deb-package should I install for gtx1050ti?
Can a device file in Linux point to multiple files?
Manjaro - how to set in routing table that addresses to internet come out by specific IP?
Sending UDP packets to a destination
In which file should one put the PATH and LD_LIBRARY_PATH variables?
Why does Fedora have two `ptmx` files?
What is variable substitution in shell programming
Why can't I pipe to parallel?
Need to format output in csv format
the meaning of this line in a service created using sysintv
Fordward incoming RDP (Port 3389) communication to LAN machine
Get list of files deleted by rm -rf
Brightness Function Keys (F5 & F6) not working in RHEL 7, HP laptop
What port is a CentOS 7 app using to make remote connections?
How to kill all processes owned by `user` on Centos 7?
lsof command taking too long for a particular process id
btrfs balance taking way too long
libdvbv5 - how to add support for KU-CIRCULAR standard?
root password not working when entering in Single-User Mode
Firewalld rule to allow Java to connect with other servers in a network
Automate cd into an archive directory under ~/.avfs
I disabled Compiz and the title bar on every windows is missing now
Delete files specified by the output of find: rm thinks argument list is too long.
Extending/resizing Fedora Guest-OS root-drive in VirtualBox
Starting application before firewire device is ready
GRUB2 won't install into MBR from chroot
Nothing Is Working: Installing Debian on USB
How can I write directly to a Solaris FIFO pipe over ssh?
Email sent to root: "Output from from your job 1843" - "Killed"
With Linux user namespaces, why can clone() mount /proc, but unshare() cannot?
Bash - How to put an array inside values of variable?
00001 root /sbin/launchd
Inspect a Ramdrive?
Matching exact number of digits in a string
basename extra operand error
Whither /etc/init.d/skeleton?
When I schedule a command with 'at', can I change where the output is mailed to?
What is this construct in bash? mycommand(){dosomething;}
How to configure Kate to always use 2 spaces for tabulation?
How to write a script to execute files in multiple directories
How do I extract a specific directory from a tarball? and strip a leading directory?
Why does the linux kernel use linux-libre code to get rid of binary blobs?
TightVNC not running gnome-session
Can I alter my Fedora LVM LV to install a new distro as a dual-boot?
Calculate md5sum of a CD/DVD
AWK: wrap lines to 72 characters
All but MPlayer and VLC unable to play MP4 video?
messed up bottom panel - Fedora 14 KDE
Is there a way to redirect a file that is written
How can I make a program executable from everywhere
Blacklisting websites for certain users
Wine cdrom mount locations on Linux Mint 10 (Ubuntu 10.10) -- problems post install/switching discs
Does the Fedora installer not include default URLs for installation mirrors?
Are packages cryptographically signed in Fedora 14?
How to generate grub.conf from scratch in Fedora 14?
How to disable "switch user" in GNOME?
Building a kitchen appliance: stream, surf, touch screen, boot fast
Good graphics card for TV-Out
In Bash, are if [ -z "$1" ] and if [ "$1" = "" ] the same?
Losing color when starting screen session
Why does systemd report "Attempted to remove disk file system" when "verify" is used to check a file syntax?
MDADM - Disaster recovery or move on from the state I put my RAID5 array into
uuencode sending a dummy attachment along with the correct one!
How to remove a file attribute with chattr linux?
Play .MP4 video and its frame index
Having scripts automatically cd into file manager directory
Does rsync download whole file if the target location is a mounted folder?
Is 'active (exited) Since <date> 2 minutes ago' a correct status for SAMBA?
What does "/mnt/dir" mean here?
Sh script not running in crontab but running manually with ./
bash script - Add string to cell in html table IF title of row is already in
No TGS_REP and AS_REP in Kerberos logs
Debian 9: cannot start supervisor after a fresh install
one-liner vs script
Why do previous versions of Debian packages vanish in the package repositories? (highly relevant for version-controlled system configuration)
Update script failed to fetch on start-up
man -k / apropos "nothing appropriate." for "compilation" word from man objdump description
Is xinetd still the best method to let non root daemons listen on privileged ports?
Which Linux distro supports GNOME 3 by default?
Get process list with logical intersection of selectors?
Fast and Small C++ https proxy
Any other distro offer like Ubuntu Software Centre?
Setting up a minimal apt-get environment
Is there a faster alternative to pkg-config?
boot_archive file in solaris
Need explanation on Resident Set Size/Virtual Size
Kill all process of users in Ubuntu?
Print word that doesn't contain character
Unblocking websites using /etc/hosts
Evince not showing up as PDF viewer in Firefox (installed via snap)
Bash ignoring SIGINT trap when 'select' loop is running
What virtualization platform does provide dynamic memory allocation?
USB SCSI drive recognized, but can't mount
what is the significance of the ACL value being a complement of UMASK value?
Where does Thunderbird store the expand/collapse icons for threaded messages?
Realtek RTL8821 Ethernet card not detected by Kali Linux
Infinite loop when attempting to list files
Get source IP from reverse SSH tunnel
How do you make a custom prompt?
Lubuntu 19.04 for System Tools > Users and Groups
merge commands for line-by-line interactive merging with sdiff, in MacOS unix. Is there a working version?
Killing two-part process with && by PID
Buzzing when not playing
Linux RedHat write buffer config
ZFS Mirror over one large disk and a RAID0 of two small disks
How to add a string in column n and first line of a file?
Can we search in a pdf file for pages containing several words in no particular order?
Open a tmux session and then change to different user without password prompt
Linux kernel module address randomization
Shell script to create a file if it doesn't exist?
Missing a driver for a SMB-accessed Brother printer
Linux open() syscall and folder permissions
Restricted Access for user via SSH and FTP
sed s command not substituting
How to move all files matching a certain name to a new folder if the number of matching files is greater than 10?
Debian 9.2 Expert mode Login problem
nohup ssh on osx
Unexpected error when joining computer to AC/DC Samba 4
Testing iptables DNAT Rule Locally Using NetCat
Any occasion where .bashrc is favorable to .bash_profile?
How to get output of variable with line breaks?
Remove Graphics card driver?
Old OpenSSL problem
Implicit Inverses for iptables NAT Rules
Login when root filesystem is full
Can Firefox browser plugin/addon do bad things to your files?
How to show network adapters with their statistics?
Is there a way to search a menu bar in Gnome?
Why is my /etc/hosts.deny file being ignored?
Largest collaborative project in history
yum update failing each time
How to convert a VOB file to avi?
Make zsh alt-f behave like emacs alt-f
How to route traffic to different interfaces for different ports
Ubuntu blank screen after login
How to use diff while doing wget?
Convert perl script to bash
Processes lose attachment to shell when started via bash -x
vsftpd does not allow chrooted users write to directory
Edit home directory for an LDAP user in Linux
Use remote ViM clipboard from iterm2 on Mac OS X
Setting up the superuser password for the first time
Binary diff of two folders
Strange things happen when I close my laptop lid
Why is `sudo cat /tmp/1 > file` wrong?
How to open a new terminal from my working folder in Solaris 10?
How to print lines using find and sed in multiple files?
When does a new system call get added to Linux?
MTA with local delivery and per user smarthost
tmux ctrl-k to erase the line from cursor to end of line
Alias in bashrc - can't get it to work
Viewing mm files
How to install wine on Kali GNU/Linux Rolling 32-bit?
Rsync files-from problem
xargs: argument line too long
Tar --exclude directory isn't being excluded
upload files from remote VM without graphic interface to google drive
selinux blocking vsftpd directory listing
find: missing argument to '-exec'
gvim colors the same as is the terminal
Determine if a specific process is 32- or 64-Bit
awk print ' char
Transmission cannot connect to tracker
Copy content of an file "passwd" to an file userlist.txt
awk split parameter by char
Running an app minimized on a system with a minimal X server
Is this sar/sysstat cron job formatted correctly?
How to indent multiple lines in nano
Wifi works in local, no internet connection. Debian 7
Problem with sed on a array containing strings containing spaces
Linux Mint 15 (Ubuntu 13.04) Spontaneously Crashing: understanding syslog messages
Problem accessing Internet on Linux (kubuntu)
Wi-Fi with WEP from command line in Ubuntu 12.04, Kernel 3.8.0-29-generic
Where is the description of man sections' contents?
How to combine dmix with ladspa plugins to default device
Error running Virtual Box on Arch Linux
du gives two different results for the same file
Unable to change backlight level
sed command to replace a value in a config file
Execute a shell script on the remote server in the background
chcon: cannot access (file): No such file or directory
Permission denied appending passwd and shadow files to log files
What is the '/dev/stdin'?
Newline character produced by `echo`, is it always there when using no options, regardless of shell?
Swapping the contents of two columns
Automated URL Hyperlink creation
How to validate pbrun working or not but not really doing pbrun
Where should an FHS-compliant program ideally place all its files?
Why my script is not working?
Why are Linux namespace links in /proc red in color?
systemd and copy (/bin/cp): no such file or directory
How to run 2000 processes with chroot
Does netmask and option subnet-mask have to be equal on a dhcpd.conf definition?
apt-get update shows after upgrade to stretch still jessie
Kernel parameter about max threads not being applied
How to add a file/edit/view... bar into polybar?
Does POSIX make not support globs in prerequisites?
improve my bash script to find, remove and symlink directory tree
How do I find symbolic links where target path matches a pattern?
How to update OpenSSL library
Provide command line switch after xargs output
How to use switch user windows instead of screensaver on Gnome?
Linux Mint jdb2 continuous writing to disk
What is the purpose of ath10k/pre-cal-pci and ath10k/cal-pci?
Unable to delete "Wired connection 1" using ncmli
Find the user of a crashing process
Failed to load module “nvidia” (module does not exist, 0)
Listing all users in mysql root DB
Grep can't use -B with -v
Is it possible to make Firefox open a URL in a popup window?
find number of duplicated lines based on match repeated condition
Laptop powers off when switching between batteries
Removing blocks from configuration files?
distribute a linux environment to students
Explaining awk code
xdg-open opens a specified htm file but ignores the tag (#) location within the page
Sorting numerically by character field position within field
muticast issue between two ubuntu machines
[Firmware Bug]: the BIOS has corrupted hw-PMU resources (MSR 38d is 330)
find number of duplicated lines based on match before first comma
BASH scripts selectively working
Parsing nested arguments
remote virt-viewer on the command line?
Keep only a certain amount of backups (tarballs) in a directory
Bash script to move files into folder based on matching ID numbers?
How to compare two files and if found equal ask the user to delete duplicate file by using shell script?
sed to replace all occurrences of a left zero padded number having an embedded minus sign “-“ so that the minus sign is on the Left
How can I do filtering between two matrix?
Abort slow NFS operation
SELinux is preventing httpd from create access on the file
Uptime command misconception with suspend and resume states
How consider home folder as root folder?
changing default (man) pager
What is a safe way to dump data from a tape drive when you are not completely certain what is inside?
Upgrading to Fedora 29 from 28 resulted into inaccessible SSH and other TLS dependent services
php-fpm Socket spawns with bad chmod
samba print$ share won't allow driver upload from Windows machine
AWK from text with modification
libzip Linux cross-compile configuration
Getting error when stopping auditd
Opera browser set itself as default without asking!
Using setfacl to set group=rwx, other=r-- of directory works using git and making subdirectories, but not when I create a text file?
Logline nanosecond to microsecond conversion
rsnapshot very slow
How do I identify all of the configured memory limits for a service started using systemd?
Is there a Linux system in which the login script is not part of the shell?
How to find a file matching a specific pattern and date while copying every found file to another web server's directory?
How to find the MAC address of devices in network path when I do a tracerout?
Teamd cannot be run as root?
MacOS: Commands working on terminal but not on iTerm
How cat suspends while reading a port?
Process Id Using ps ax command
Where is the source repo for Debian utilities?
Does Debian have a Perl style guide?
flash memory write-protected problem and bad superblock
Systemd service - what is `multi-user.target`
Getting errors while trying to install a package in Kali Linux
IPFS on OpenBSD
Distro-independent way of extracting kernel version and build date from `uname -rv` (or similar tool)
when in X11: how to disable switching tty with Ctrl-Fn and Alt-Fn
How to Split a Folder into sub-folder in bash script
Figuring out USB devices
Debian max_ratio setting for device not working
touch is creating files one hour behind the current time. How to set it with current time?
CentOS 7 need an usb device to boot
You don't have permission to access /owncloud/ on this server
Using multiple wildcards in jq to select objects in a JSON file
Ubuntu - UDP Traffic on port 123
How to ignore the file name in which redirecting the output of file listing?
Kali dual boot not working without plugged in usb stick
Sorting lines in a file by a numeric value burried inside
In Windriver Linux how /etc/resolv.conf file gets generated?
Sort images by date into subdirecories
How to increase the TTY fontsize?
Share aliases and PATH setting between zsh and bash
What to use to harden Linux box? Apparmor, SELinux, grsecurity, SMACK, chroot?
What are the new features available to bash 4?
How to make sure that I use the latest version of bash?
I/O-overhead of dm-encrypted device?
Optimal Linux Distro to Install to SD card to use as USB-Bootloader for PC?
Shomehow the rx/tx-counters on the interface resets
Grabbing the first [x] characters for a string from a pipe
How do I take a list and remove it from a file?
How could I simplify this command to only use awk?
How can I display the time when a command was executed in my bash prompt?
What does "rc" in .bashrc stand for?
How do I make KDE open mail links to a webmail client in a browser?
Can I work with Sql Server, Office and C# using Linux?
How can I check the Base64 value for an integer?
How can I create a file that just contains a binary number?
Is there a POSIX (or at least a popular) utility to set the current working directory when invoking a program?
Ubuntu do not boot
OpenNebula LVM datastorage usage scenario issue
PackageKit in suse Tumbleweed: disable or removal?
Installing Composer dependency manager and running it right afterwards
Changing resolution on touchscreen
Zsh: add folder to $path recursively
How shall I understand the conditions for merging by diff3 to be well-defined?
Can bash make folders, based on a filename, and then move files into the folders?
How to generate list of months using bash?
Retrieve Field Rows from a Pipe Delimited File
Why is there no /var/log/kern.log?
in ldap make the default bind the current logged in user
macOS - MySQLWorkbench "cannot start SSH tunnel manager" only when opened via command line
How to create a GRUB entry for a FreeBSD on ZFS installation?
Which shell interpreter runs a script with no hashbang... but run as sudo?
Upgrade Ubuntu without btrfs snapshot
How does file descriptor re-assigment work?
Emacs and windows manager keyboard shortcuts without "Super" key
Linux compability file system
Recording and charting boot process information in Linux
What file do I have to edit to make static DNS server in CentOS?
immutable-like flag for perms
How do I delete all files with a given name in all subdirectories?
How can I get a base64 encoded shaX on the cli?
Deleting lots of files
What's the + in find /path/ -exec command '{}' + do?
Find out if the OS is running in a virtual environment
red-green color blindness compatible vim theme
GRUB on USB Drive -- adding OSes
cronjob to watch for runaway processes and kill them
How to turn off permanent highlighting of all braces (not just pairs) in vim
How to uninstall RHEL from a dual-boot system?
How do I see what symlinks exist for a given directory?
How to get touchpad functional, again?
No sound from cli apps or from zsnes
forwarding DHCP packets
Getting the number and names of windows in Xvfb
/etc/cron.daily/foo : Send email to a particular user instead of root?
How to do a print screen or capture an area of the screen
Why are updates pushed to Fedora's updates-testing repos initially invisible?
Number of files per directory
Forcing emacs to run with `-nw` when called from terminal
Using find to find symlinks that point to a certain pattern of files
Understanding the exclamation mark (!) in bash
version control for /etc under *BSD
Bacula + bat on Ubuntu Maverick
Find the disk-space usage of a directory and all it's files
How to stop cursor from blinking
apt-get - How to complain on failed upgrade?
How to merge all (text) files in a directory into one?
What repositories do I need to install heartbeat and haproxy on RHEL?
How to pass parameters to an alias?
Update phpmyadmin config.inc.php file in bash
Command to remove the first N number of lines in input
How can I wake a process from sleep status via signal or /proc?
Using dd in order to save and restore a boot sector?
My ethernet card does not create any `ethX` device. How can I solve it?
tar "--exclude-from" double star wildcard
Can nmap display only hosts with specific ports open?
How ifconfg fetch enabled NICs?
Escaping regex sed (1 lowercase, 1 uppercase, 1 symbol, 1 number) for bash
Convert free space LVM to ext
Linux + how to shutdown application properly with reboot or init 0 + init.d scripts
What type of terminal to support if implementing a terminal emulator?
Grid Engine for program that needs X11 but doesn't require user input
omitting icon files from downloading updates of Debian 9.5 amd64 package lists?
How does dmenu_run works?
why is yum's tab completion slow while apt-get's tab completion is fast?
Reverse tunnel with autossh exits with 255
Cut/Paste stopped working for me
Determine all processes running by root with 2 columns showing: pid,cmd
Process killed before being launched in background
creating image tag for my pictures
Downgrading libfontconfig1 causing Fontconfig error
Bash regex whitespace before match
Is there any disadvantage of making software update and upgrade automatic?
Writing file to specific USB device
Redirect to file, including current prompt line
Debian/Ubuntu: Differences between apt-file find/search
What baud rate should I set when using screen tty for bluetooth?
Sending attachments with GNU mail to @kindle.com
Allow a regular use to write in /proc/sys/net/ipv6/conf
How shall I understand the different outputs by `-A` and by `-e` of diff3?
Bash exit status used with PIPE
How do I create a list of the file contents of a directory and sub-directories with creation, added, modified and last opened times for each file?
RSYNC over SSH in Tomato/dd-wrt
Digimend tablet, Physical drawing area proportions too small
How to read the man pages in german?
The linux kernel integrates the KVM why we install it again?
macchanger working then stopping
Double cut using on OSX
Questions regarding generating RSA keys with GnuPG
Permission denied in install command for Yocto recipes
Authentication not working in Dovecot and PostgreSQL
Access a running MATLAB instance from command line
How to convert and Execute lib_file.a Library file in Command prompt?
Org-Mode doesn't export to pdf
How to remove malfunctioning desktop manager from Arch Linux
bash while loop not printing what is expected
How to set Java version to all users
CentOS minor update with previous kernel
OUTPUT chain rules in iptables
i3wm check if container exists in workspace
How to automatize writing from a template in several files depending on different inputs with a script?
Error -22 when inserting IPv6 blackhole route
VirtualBox Access a guest from host and another guest
Need to redirect input from a file and also from the tty
Read password from keyboard instead of stdin
How does bash retrieves what was written on the terminal (without Enter being pressed)?
Add ipv6 static route without subnet nmcli
Can I mount a drive before systemd-sysv-generator runs?
Printing out users without /home directories and /home directories without users
`tar c <file> | tar x` writes the file to an unexpected path
Where does caja put its preferences
What is the purpose of ext2 dynamic node size?
GRUB, device not found, root delay problem
I/O redirection shortcut doesn't work when at the end of a command line
Browser is ok but can't direct internet through a shadowsocks server
Firefox resolution not proportional
Routing tables with two network interfaces
Which ISO file, vmlinuz and initrd.gz to use for installing CentOS from Multiboot USB?
I unable to update, Ubuntu 12.04
Miro player doesn't recognize subtitle from video encoded by ffmpeg
Cent OS 6.6 enable Plaintext authentication on dovecot and postfix
Search and replace control characters (^@, ^M, ^I....) in vi
Enlarge a filesystem image
where should I modify the given shell script?
Time service -- interpreting the bytes
Search for string(s) in files and report four lines of context (match and three following)
wget doesn't support https
Distribute Linux system as ISO vs a set of files
Hard disk labels
How can I record the sound output with gtk-recordmydesktop?
how to get IP from DHCP in network in redhat which is installed on VMware
How can I have activity in a Dropbox folder logged?
How to change the name of a vim buffer
Stop cron script from destroying my mirrorlist with invalid data
VPN issues on web browsing
How to install Adobe Acrobat Reader in Debian?
Difference between shell variables which are exported and those which are not in bash
How to print only defined variables (shell and/or environment variables) in bash
Does verifying packages enhance security and/or stability of a system?
Tracing the workings of a function in Emacs
How to grep standard error stream (stderr)?
31 Debian CDs -- Why? and which do I need for a vanilla desktop install?
Is there a simple flag to prevent installing X and anything that depends on it via ports?
Migrating from tp_smapi to 'normal' ACPI support in 2.6.36
touch: cannot touch `foo': No such file or directory
KDE toolbar background messed up
Best Practice: How to maintain/rotate log files (from redirected output)
Loop all arguments in a shell script
Mapping between FDIR to RSS queues for Intel 82599ES
Do colour schemas interfere with settings from iterm2, oh-my-zsh and vim?
Optimal LVM Setup to Keep Adding Space to Single Mountpoint
Use .htaccess in other directories(not /var/www/html)
Prevent sourcing a bash script, in the script itself
Receive multiple files from pipe and write to different destinations
On a laptop with tree linux. After installing Ubuntu my Elementary does not boot
Sort and uniq format to thousand separator
Why does sort -k4nr and sort -k 4 -n -r give different results?
Less is broken inside GNU Screen
Is using a variable in the environment file in systemd allowed?
Runtime system is sticky - Open server 5.0.5
what is the difference between >&2 and &>2
How do I delete all except the newest file in a folder?
Multiple Windows 7 installations from Grub
Write text messages between Unix and Windows
How could I restrict directory content by file type?
Run a diff between local and remote files
What does the @ (at) symbol before a filename mean in a curl command?
Find package that uses a specific shell command
Iptables to redirect DNS lookup IP and Port
How do I use inotify or named pipes over SSHFS?
Can I rewrite drive designations for the Qubes installer?
Get specific line from command output in awk
Know the name of a driver to use on the CUPS gui
In iptables, what is the difference between targets DNAT and REDIRECT?
Traffic segmentation for a particular subnet
What is the CSS selector for GtkSearchBar?
KVM reports strange CPU usage peaks (bash infinite recursion)
Bundling of dependencies with shell scripts
File backed, locked shared memory and disk interaction
Unable to synchronize the clocks on a dual boot system
Add arguments to 'bash -c'
Samba 3.5.9 - join domain specific OU - net join ads
Pass argument to script, then redirect script as input to bsub
Mounting cifs: "Operation not supported"
Prevent wpa_supplicant from joining hidden networks
Is there a GRUB 2 Source Code Map?
Built new kernel, LVM won't mount from initrd
Mails from my server goes directly to spam
Switching users without the - symbol
VirtualBox Guest Video Acceleration on Kali vs Mint
Can a bash script start tmux, split the screen horizontally 5 times and run watch -n1 tail -n5 in each?
How to merge MP3 files?
Bash if based on grep result gives "too many arguments" error?
Variable randomly chosen among three numbers (10, 100, and 1000)
Display ONLY IP addresses of currently logged users
from a laptop with CentOS 6.3 what is the command line to talk mysql server on my pc?
How to create a password protected shell script
Continues Pinging to background, save logs and show statistics
iptables is not blocking
Internal microphone doesn't work on Dell Vostro 3360
iptables rules not reloading on CentOS 6.x
Mount 2 directories on other servers to the same partition of local server
What are "kernel data structures"?
add "#" in begining to selected lines in File
difference between omz "plugins" and "themes"?
Do tar archives include user/group name by default?
how to install older version of subversion in Linux Mint
Only value required using mysql command
The HOST variable in /etc/sudoers
read line by line and take a string in line and assign that string to the subsequent line using perl
System packages not detected by the Oracle installer
Delete whitespace in filenames in directory
How do I install Adobe Flash on Debian Wheezy?
Is there a way to store mail attachments outside of mailboxes?
How to add a ms-dos partition table to a loop device?
Explanation of bandwidth management script calling tc
Sorting IP address according to the second field in file
remove duplicate files
Listing both ls information and mount points of a directory?
Linux: Total swap used = swap used by processes +?
how to uniformly execute benchmarks on linux
How /var/lib/dpkg/lock works?
How to get source of packages in Manjaro
Mount Reverse-encrypted encfs backup on a second computer
When I run "sudo su" I get --bash: command not found for everything
Bash: How to avoid variable name substitution when using auto-completion?
How to create a zip of directories -mtime -150
How do I make sudo remember my password for longer?
Is a disabled kernel option equivalent to not loading the corresponding module?
mount LVM RAID 5 with missing disk
Graphic problem ATI Radeon HD7770
Why is /proc/irq/*/smp_affinity showing too wide of mask for number of CPUs on my computer?
String concatenate in perl?
Bash command to source a file in a different directory?
fgrep or grep -F, which one is better for portable script?
Can't connect to ethernet Linux Mint 17.1 Xfce
Comparing each file in two directories and copying it to another if it differs from its counterpart
racoon IPSec/L2TP Client
nginx deny rule and allow rule not working
How can I make my user services wait till the network is online?
Create new physical volume using lvm
Automatic solution to reduce Linux kernel package size at compile time
NMI received for unknown reason 20 — Do you have a strange power saving mode enabled?
How to use Desktop Lock Screen and turn off XScreenSaver Login Screen?
Is there any advantage to using the -j2 argument when building Linux systems in VirtualBox?
What do I need to create to an SSH tunnel to a local network service running on my remote host?
prevent dns leak with iptables
How to prevent udev from adding fd0 to /proc/partitions?
find directory or file that ends in any 3 characters
Remove duplicates and only keep the ones with a specific word succeeding it
1440p mode for HDMI with Dell Inspiron 7590 not working
creating ssh connection in shell script with password
dnsmasq has no effect on router itself
Removing part of a bunch of directory names using a wildcard
Remove command in loop
rename files to change spaces to underscore
Getting a USB network adapter working on a Raspberry Pi Zero
Update Linux Mint in Virtualbox VM behind transparent proxy
Serve ASP.NET Webforms content on Ubuntu 16.04 from 2 different root directories using one XSP4 child process?
Installing Skype in Ubuntu
MySQL Server monitor_20000 on node1 'not running' - HA Cluster - Pacemaker - Corosync - DRBD
How to migrate all the memory pages of a process from one NUMA node to another NUMA node?
Is conversion between images and a text PDF possible
Random image generator
tailing file in new terminal window
nested double quotes in highly-voted one-liner
How can I learn the purpose of the various kernel processes?
How do I get SFTP/FTP setup
Test firewall rules without access to other machines
No package stress available. How to install stress on CentOS 7.2?
Can't add user because group already exists?
How to bind (or remap) a socket with an abstract name to a path?
Cleanest way to require the user to enter password to run a program?
PHP5.5 or PHP5.6 Availability for CentOS 7
Back Tick version of this command
Use sed with back references
Remember window layout on multiple monitors on Mint Cinnamon
Disabling consoleblank on running systems without logging into the console
Linux Check Image Exists at Apache URL
i3wm: how to configure touchpad?
How to remove device from pool
Systemd Restart=always is not honored
delete files from specific folders using shell script
How to create a default system wide dconf setting starting from just created ad-hoc user config?
How to get the last occurrence of lines between two patterns from a file?
Splitting a text file into new files
Enable wifi monitor mode on Samsung Chromebook
switch network on and off of a virtual remote server
Passwordless ssh on archlinux (after ssh-copy-id still prompts for password)
Check outgoing network traffic
User permissions in NFS mounted directory
What is page fault and when does it occur?
How to Run a GUI Application on Remote Server's X11 Display via SSH
What's the difference between mnt vs media?
How do I sync files between two drives?
Where do I find prebuilt binutils and compilers for obsolete operating systems?
Reduce bad block retry / wait times in Ubuntu
Debian system: install specific packages from source automatically to boost the performance
Why can't mv preserve permissions when moving between Android SD cards?
How the contents of a directory are impacted when a file system is mounted on that directory
How can I tell if the currently executing bash script has been invoked with -x for debugging?
Connecting to WEP WiFi/wlan0 using Minimal Debian Wheezy
In what sense does SATA "talk" SCSI? How much is shared between SCSI and ATA?
Redirect ALL packets from eth1 & eth2 through a SOCKS proxy
How do I write a command in vim to run multiple commands?
vim: Use different colorscheme when connected over SSH
Is it too early to try LibreSSL?
Software firewall with "zone files"
Can't build QTAV for cubieboard2 on Cubian
connect remote host without password in linux
Ctrl-S doesn't work in rtorrent when accessed via screen. Can't start torrents
Cannot connect to wired ethernet after hibernate
Swap partition in LVM?
Doesn't awk print all lines if it is passed empty arguments
How can I disable a watchdog, once it has been enabled?
How to properly lock desktop when hibernating?
Terminator doesn't open new window
xfreerdp keeps disconnecting
scp and file owner
How to modify iptables rules via editing a file rather than interacting via command line?
Bash script question - skip enter key press
/etc/sysconfig/iptables : how to block everything except for port 80 and 22?
Is there a way to install GRUB to sdb on an install from USB on RHEL 6?
Specific pod Cpu usage in Prometheus
Dual boot - Installed second OS - can't see the original
awk script doesn't working with gsub $10
Which is the more standard package, getopt or getopts (with an "s")?
Complex text alignment in bash
No swap on Manjaro
Cannot install Sed in tools directory, Permission Denied
connect to server with netcat and receive *multiple* files with one request/connection
call bash script in script not found, directory is in $PATH
How two types of variable usage behave different
Unable to install phpmyadmin
Openssh socks server with socket activation using systemd
How to write a shell script to change folder permisison
import error fabric.api
Kernel man pages, make: *** No rule to make target 'installmandocs'
rsync just adds files and directories with new names to existing backup
Process accounts-daemon taking 100% of CPU
Problems using cp -r command
Set critical CPU temperature for thermal throttling
deleting helm deployments automatically
single text file on require multiple operations using a shell or bash script
Why does Avahi see my network printer but CUPS doesn't?
thinkpad fan never turns off after resuming from suspend
find + delete only the files that end with .index
How to let Netcat execute command after file transfer is complete?
How know in which router I'm when I'm connect by ethernet
How can I add the bin subdirectory of the specific directory to the PATH to be able to run a software applications from any directory?
What are limitations chrooted system?
Headless OpenGL rendering on Google Compute
Script to change state of wireless card
Rhel7 hangs at "A start job running for read and set NIS domainname
How to configure our custom IP address to a linux iso image after extracting the same?
How do I redirect Qemu guest console=tty0 to host stdin/stdout?
can i uninstall a kernel which is now running in a manjaro linux
`sg` command does not forward sigterm
Delete the last character of a string using string manipulation in shell script
X has blank screen but clearly runs
change tty login timeout - ArchLinux
no internet connection (wireless or wired) on ubuntu 12.04
Wireless not working on very old PC on Debian
Which distro for this ancient laptop?
LXDM login doesn't work
Is "ps -ef" deprecrated?
/bypass folder on ArchBang - safe to delete?
How to extract URIs from files
Why are the process priorities not respected?
Troubleshooting joining a group in Mint in VirtualBox
Unresponsive desktop after resume from hibernation
How to force watch to run under bash
Bash Script Permission denied & Bad Interpreter
locate java source code in jdk7
Bash pattern to match all files but directories
Log if no network
Thunderbird: deleted emails are still in local IMAP folder
Video freezes with Debian Jessie
Unix 11i v2 Script to detect new files within directory
Ubuntu with LAMP+Mediawiki suffering spikes
How to start a command upon login in GNOME?
Output shutdown messages to multiple consoles
Declare a new modifier key with XKB
Dual Boot and encrypting Linux?
Convert json numbers to strings in the shell
Recover an overwritten file
Print currently pressed keys to stdout and read them line by line
Encrypting and compressing
firefox + html5 + .asoundrc = No sound
Graphical boot ModeLine
How to make sure filesystem is mounted rw and not corrupt
asix driver becomes unresponsive after a while
Broken dependencies after removing NVIDIA on Debian Buster
read file record by record and do transformation to the subsequent record based on above record and write into another file
KDE how to remove "Kickoff Application Launcher" popup
Can't remove same folder name twice
Linux distro to run a MIDI-server on a PII 333 MHz
Moving /dev/shm/ to /run/shm in Arch?
Rsync daemon intrepreting parameters as command in rsync.conf
Storing Okular PDF annotations and metadata in the PDF itself
Convert ls -l output format to chmod format
How do I make PHP securely load files from the server root home folder on CentOS?
write only permissions on samba
Emacs: Interface that mixes commands and arguments
How to find which screen session is one working on
Jolla mobile ported to Nokia N9
Autocompletion of email addresses in vim
Is there a robust way to cache contents of usb on local hd?
Remapping scancode for Caps Lock
How can I disable UFW logging for a specific event?
Debian - Apache 2.2 & mod_php - memory usage
Default umask 077 not applied at session start
What are correct permissions for /tmp ? I unintentionally set it all public recursively
How to enable `sudo` with custom functions?
How to configure the terminal so that a mouse click will move the cursor to the current mouse position
How to replace a symbolic link with a copy of a file it links to?
How to replace a symbolic link with an equivalent hard link?
Is it possible to have a screen macro for this?
How can I make the backspace key delete one character backwards in tcsh?
How can I copy/paste data to and from the Windows clipboard to an OpenSuse clipboard using VNC?
Libreoffice Writer, how to get read-only a document part
Some of the users login screen do not display colors
Centos apache virtual hosts definition
How big should the rootfs partition should be on Arch Linux?
Arch: Is "SigLevel = Never" the only convenient way?
How to zip directory with encryption for file names?
How to share a DHCP Server(Debian) that is created on VMware to other PC in the same switch
How to get the photos off a Windows phone
kpartx or losetup?
How do i run my python file from any directory on my computer [Arch]
Insert text inside stanza at the end of the data string
My Dell Latitude freezes upon suspending if libvirtd/virtlogd is running
LENOVO CAMPUS THINKPAD X390 - microSD slot not working on Linux Mint 19.2 Cinnamon
Bash - sort and uniq on array
Tomcat Access Log understanding like Logs like failed Access or attemps logs from User
How can i count lines in file
Error: unable to access jarfile when running script from crontab linux
missing documentation icinga2 installation on gentoo
date change script
i noticed these odd lines in my /var/log/kern.log file, what are they?
How to configure second mate-panel via script/dconf keyfile?
How can I speed up random init?
FreeBSD 11 not recognising changes to connected devices when MTP device attached to USB. Phone, cable, and USB socket all work
Configuring a bridge leads to losing connection
bash - Is it possible to create variable that has a variable as its title and has a string value with other variables in?
How to remove a user from a group?
How to add timestamp to file in script
GNOME: Increase Display Scale Without Lowering Resolution
Easily install a font per language who haven't any yet, on Debian 10
assign declared array variable
NGINX can't read custom headers from response
How to allow an unprivileged deployer user to run a certain command with sudo in a specific path?
Xmobar, icons and background not showing when launching from xmobar
Is there a way to prevent the creation of a given file?
"Home Directory / Not Ours" on boot
What do the bash-builtins 'set' and 'export' do?
Information about the device files: /dev
Linux tool to track directory space over time
eth0 not being configured automatically
Only output errors / warnings when compile kernel?
Can I configure software RAID on an existing server without losing the existing partition?
Keep the ssh session
What are the different virtual TTY numbers used for?
What are TTYs >12 used for?
How to remove files which do not end with ".c"?
Address types used in Linux
Copy file permissions from user to group
Find duplicate files
Upgrade a single package from a target release
Installing ksh as the standard shell in Redhat: Foolhardy?
Per-directory history in zsh
md5 String and File different
Multimedia keys (Fn+[F1..F12]) don't work anymore after upgrade
Open any kind of application with BASH
Problem with pdfposter
Command line generates different hashsum than online hash generator…
Failed to start gunicorn.socket: Unit gunicorn.socket is masked
Wine Version 3.0.3 bug
Routing with two different gateways
get a script to expand a bus into individual ports:
How do I undo "defaults write com.apple.dock static-only -bool TRUE; killall Dock" on Mac terminal?
Is there a specification for the format used by man pages?
OK/Cancel button order on KDE for Gnome applications
How to time a program in my script?
Arch - KDE Plasma 5.7 and Latte Dock: Icons do not appear
complicated command replace in files using sed
Shell/terminal/bash command or script for copying list of files from one project to another
How do you tell OpenVPN to run on startup?
Webcam and Desktop composite with v4l2loopback?
How to open file in sublime and execute with python using xargs
Batch renaming txt files to match folder, all in same directory?
Shrink and Resize LVM right approach?
Customize bash looks for user profile on debian 9
Are netcat connections stored to any log file in Linux?
find files and move them to another folder with -exec
Unzipping .tar.gz or .zip
Ubuntu 18.04.1 LTS x64: how to update Qt 5.10 from Qt 5.9.5?
Freshly installed Wireshark with enabled non-root listen users is not able to listen
How to recursively copy a directory using cpio?
Error with Linux Mint 19 and QEMU not booting up
Perl command line regex to modify all pattern matches
Bluestacks on Linux Fedora
Analyze system logs with logwatch --range other than just "yesterday"
Need to reset the Keyboard shortcuts defined
Why isn't Gnus scoring emails based on the To: or Cc: headers?
Turning off subpixel antialiasing in Gnome 3 on Debian
Is there a command to list files, exclude sub-directories and display size and date?
Postfix header_checks
msmtp-mta: Add $HOSTNAME to every mail
Strange behavior in mv command - maybe open sys call issue?
not getting desired output with cut command?
GRUB reported “error: file not found.” when booting CentOS 5
Mystery of a small 1K hard disk partition, and is it safe or malware on Ubuntu 12.04.02LTS Amd64 generic
Why does my 3G key blocks my eth0 interface and how to solve this?
How can I get grep to work with "->" as the pattern?
Disable SSH Tunnel with KVM VNC Server
Fully separate two accounts without installing separate operating systems?
Iptables port forwarding to qemu vm
Choosing a desktop linux distro based on work server distro
Low PPPoE speed in Linux (Ubuntu)
Network connections don't work after a restart using NetworkManager
How do i have my script execute one more command after a previous command returns a non-zero value before it is aborted?
Get return value from `find .. -exec ..` command?
How to determine or set keyboard shortcut for activities view in gnome3 on centos7?
Remove x lines before and y lines after nth line (which matches a pattern) in a file
Setting variable with default value behaves differently when preceding a command?
Drag-and-drop without the drag
Renaming Duplicate Files with Flatten Folders Command
comparing the first column of two files and printing the entire row of the second file if the first columns match
How does the Linux login work?
Do you use any script to install Arch Linux? which?
Problems setting up Ubuntu Machine as a router
How to print empty spaces in first column using awk or sed
How to make SSH's `ControlPath` distinguish between IPv4 and IPv6?
Best practice to mount directory in /home to directory in /media?
Mount CD/DVD in GRUB
Why does using rev as your man pager fail when piping it through rev again?
Problem with GRUB for dual-boot installation of LMDE 2 (and Windows) on encrypted luks-lvm (truecrypt)
Ubuntu stops responding to any action
How to print a line if that line or the next line do not contain a particular string
Condition on finding a file
Where are headers for Scotch and PT-Scotch located?
CSV - Only keep certain entries
Boot Debian netinst CD to RAM?
load bash comands from file one per line and execute them for each file in a directory
CentOS 6 Cron Logging Without Postfix
combine two files to single file with combined columns
How do I create small disk image with large partitions
How to make awk work in a while loop
Bash overwrites the first line when using custom PS1 prompt
fglrx causing "fixing recursive fault but reboot is needed" on Intel/AMD hybrid graphics
record daily internet bandwidth usage
How to properly unplug/plug removable LVM2 device?
Strange problem with synchronized clipboards
Bash Script Detects Key Down At Boot
How to configurate ganglia-monitor on a single debian machine?
Swap alt and windows key except when using an external keyboard
Is it possible to run ganglias gmetad and ganglia-monitor not demonized on debian?
Is there a command to see where a disk is mounted?
Recovery of data on raid5+lvm reiserfs partition, after raid5 problems
merge txt files with similar name
rpm and deb fileformat are blocked by my ISP. How to install software?
Using vim/gvim as editor for Thunderbird
Escape sequences in output of script called from ncurses application
How to check if `wget` supports a certain feature programmatically?
What is the smallest LVM2 logical volume unit?
Get input from editor (vim/nano/emacs/textmate?)
Is it possible to reference the most recently modified file in a command line argument?
iPod Nano 6G on Linux
Deduplication on partition level
CIFS vs SAMBA, What are the differences
is it possible to send the remote connector ip via netcat?
Partitioning for Web Servers
How to find out the file offset of an opened file?
How does one properly use the nautilus & command in a graphical SSH into debian 6.0.4?
Qemu terminating on signal x from pid xxxx
SSH, FTP, HTTP stopped working
Adding files to initrd makes linux not be able to read it
SSH asking for passphrase on public key with no passphrase set
LVM2: lvcreate -L - What does 's', 'S' suffix stand for?
Run expect inside a bash script as another user
playing a sound/notification in finch over ssh on my local machine
To what does the byte sequence in this kerneloops (syslogd@hostname) message refer?
script for logging all the stats for a particular process
Partitioning Ubuntu and Windows 7 once and for all
simple script rotating table
How can I pipe a path to pushd?
Is it possible to transfer files in a date range via FTP
Preventing program from using internet
How can I act on the results of the "locate" command?
Process Migration Scripting
What is the difference between a symlink and binding with fstab?
Can not use mail command
Reading passwords without showing on screen in Bash Scripts
iptable rule to redirect only https handshake?
Why did adding the Debian testing repository create so many package dependencies?
How to install bower on CentOS 7?
Postfix - Delete queue for secondary installation?
Why do Gentoo package maintainers install systemd unit files unconditionally (i.e. without depending on the 'systemd' USE flag)?
Convert .fnt to .ttf?
How does gnome reboot without root privileges?
Pressing $ then Enter adds a newline before the last character, not after
X, mouse, and multihead: mouse only reaches part of second display
unable to launch mysqld in arch linux
Generate a large number of the same byte
Live USB - Tails tries to boot but ends up booting into Kali Linux
PHP Startup: Unable to load dynamic library '/usr/lib64/php/modules/php_mysql.so'
Undefined reference to math functions when linking with gcc
virsh and creating storage pools - What is sourcepath "- - - -"
How to change the default directory where programs get installed
How can I remove characters of text in one line before a specific character?
How to move files to files with same name, but different extension
Editing make process?
C compiler cannot create executables
How to get an RPi2 running Kali to tether to an iPhone 5S?
Remove lines from CSV file if the second column is in a word list
How to name and where to place upstart script?
How many arguments are in `ls -isw 40 /usr`?
Firefox v.s. security updates on Debian 10 Desktop
Roadwarrior scenario strongswan- Iphone setup
How to ignore first line of content in curl standard output?
Handle command-not-found without PackageKit
awking for command options from man page
SSH - Periodically require password even when public key is present
How to share internet from 1st interface to devices connected to 2nd interface?
How to headless dual-boot Linuxes?
linux keyboard input logging - keymap translation
Nixos unable to modify or chmod nix config - '/etc/nix/nix.conf'
Using sed - how to replace truncated values with separate values within a line?
Merge two partitions from different dev/sdb on USB
What does the command "shutdown -t 100 +3 -h" mean?
How-to isolate linux process memory into a memory block device?
Does linux memory cache depend on process PID?
client nixos error of "error: public key is not valid" when using nix-serve as binary cache
normalize the volume level of an mp3 file with sox using maximum bitrate for the new file
Configuring Chrome Remote Desktop in Debian 9.11
How to clear history in zsh
How to put temporary aliases in a file?
useradd: UID 0 is not unique
Why does this rsync command running in a cron fail?
How to find max queue length for device?
How to start and disown a process in a single line?
Formating grep output
dash: why am I getting the error "Syntax error: EOF in backquote substitution" when my script doesn't even contain a backquote?
Serial Port ttyS0 and ttyS1 not showing in dmesg
Multi-jail /var separation
Setting soft limit above hard does not fail in terms of exit code?
Can a Linux computer receive scanned images from a scanner using WSD (Web Services on Devices)?
Configure remote control Zydacron
rsync: failed to set permissions on "/path/to/file.txt": Operation not permitted (1)
How to remove duplicate entries from a file?
What is the @ after directory listing mean?
Correct use of TZ, date, and hwclock?
New harddrive does not show up in /dev
Create link to folder in Elementary-OS
What's using all of the memory in my VM? It's not the disk cache
Assuming sshd allows only public key authentication, how do I log the fingerprints?
Unable to preserve ownership in a copy but able with a move?
Excluding a directory name in a zsh recursive glob
Questions about minor page fault
How to record numbers of array elements based on selection comparision criteria
Creating a text file from other text files
Are there any size restrictions when increasing an EXT3 File System?
How are public and private keys used in ssh?
502 Proxy Error - PUT request to MDM OSX Server via apache ProxyPass on ubuntu 14
Using Rsync include and exclude options to include directory and subdirectory but exlude files in subdirectory
How can I differentiate disk I/O occured explicitly by a user and OS prefetching?
Cannot Ping, nor Curl, but Nslookup works
Mac Cannot Boot From External Hard Drive
Can anyone explain this expression piece by piece please? grep '\([aeiou]\).\1'
Interrupted apt upgrade broke udev and systemd
i3wm: how to make multiple monitors switch workspaces in a single binding
Setting temporary bash aliases when entering a folder
Force login through ssh only
Bluetooth BNEP takes a long time to load on boot Debian
Can't use global shorcuts for Python applications
Find-grep for List of .tex Files?
Ansible variables scope clash
edit repo file with sed
New FS size differs from LV size
Download with rsync through bastion/jumper, without .ssh/config changes
Ensure that file socket is already opened
Debian 8 no wlan0 on XPS-13 Intel 8260 (rev 3a)
Specifying comma-separated command line parameters based on text file lines
How to SSH via intermediate server
Fresh Arch Installation - Terminal text completely unreadable just after boot
Mutt shows scrambled characters in white space after folder change
sed: Grabbing and replacing all data between last backslash and a comma
General ratio regarding FS <-> LV
Debian preseed.cfg partman specify_usage for news
How to find out if a specific package is installed on Debian?
RAID mdadm virtual disk too small
minidlna from one server not being spotted
Linux/Raspbian equivalent to Add/Remove Programs || Programs & Features?
Yum error while installing MongoDB on CentOS?
Can cfdisk be used to resize partitions on a disk that will be accessed by Windows computers?
A specific user can't login (after connecting TV), can't figure out why
How do I read from memory.pressure_level in a cgroup?
sed remove command - Include upper/lower case
sed multiple entries in one command to remove data
What is the file permission of /etc/shadow in CentOS?
How to while read line with a pipe
How can the standard input of one program be passed as an arg to another?
What causes the ata exceptions in my syslog and how to solve them
Connecting Linux Mint to WiFi network MEDIATEK MT7630e
How to create Swap from already created mount points
Is there a way to check whether a .so has been compiled with -Bsymbolic-functions flag?
Why can't I use ssh?
Unix (NFS Error)- 7320 Storage
How Linux kernel gets built
Configuring a build with GTK3?
Mount ubuntu one or similar web storage services without their clients
Backup of LVM2 logical volume
Is it possible to download a file locally when I've already ssh'ed into a remote computer?
rsync with absolute paths and excluding subpaths
Starting backintime at disk plug
Grep_color on mac
A tool that helps me to be sensible on permissions?
Does info also look up manpage?
DROP all for port 22 if not geoip set of US for iptables and xtables
How to control network bandwidth using Linux
Reject ssh connections made from proxies
Syntax error in bash script: near unexpected token `else'
How could I change Linux command to another key combination?
Analyzing network traffic
Search and replace strings that are not substrings of other strings
Calling latex from vim stopped working
Password-Less SSH Login not working
Setting the default profile in Thunderbird
Is is ok to run multiple PHP Websockets using 1 machine?
Lubuntu IP conflict
Is there a man section or other doc repository for data structure definitions?
Cannot cat or grep contents of file
Nautilus Actions embedded not working right
How can I tell why I have permissions to read a file?
How to print / echo positional parameters index
SSH Clients which suppport click to copy and right click to paste in ubuntu?
Stuck while installing Manjaro using USB drive
ERROR: ' ' device did not show up after 30 seconds
Cannot SSH into server because authorized_keys is in a different folder
Debugging intermittent crashing of the Docker daemon
TCP performance for OpenVPN vs delay
Setting noatime via mount options vs no atime updates (A) file attribute
"Couldn't match /usr/bin/mailq output" after Debian Upgrade
writing a script that finds incorrect files, and corrects them through stdout
Unix AIX passing variable and arguments to expect and spawn
macOS High Sierra "log show " ouput
ZFS Disk Image Performance
installed redis but can't see it in nmap's scan
Is there a way to delete an alias from an included dtsi file in a dts file?
Why is this Thunar Custom Actions Pastebin script posting with unwanted quotes?
I want to understand how locking works in Linux
How Can I luks encrypt the root and swap partition on a Fedora ARM Server?
Is there a tool that will let me listen to segments of a single audio file while it is still recording
Client to Client Communication
What's causing folder to change ownership?
WARNING: amdgpu dkms failed for running kernel
Dual booting on SSD and HDD
Ejabberd Victim of Systemd Security Enhancements?
fdm mail filtering: avoiding archiving messages that have been "flagged"
How to subtract every adjacent line from the 2nd column and keep the first one
JQ Linux JSON Parse Unknown Key
Cannot boot without multiple screen Manjaro
How to forward all packets to another subnet?
Support TI WL18xx WiFi/Bluetooth module on iMX7 Running Android 8.0.0
Segmentation fault with echoping
Loading WiFi driver results in the whole system becoming unstable. How to debug?
Keyboard misconfigured after resume from suspend-to-ram
Build errors on a copied operating system in a chroot
What is the difference between micro-kernel and monolithic-kernel?
tmux reEnter to a session and save a session
use exec -a to name process but run it in the background immune to CTRL-C
How can I switch to my onboard audio controller?
customized pager for Git
.htaccess - Apache on CentOS 6 x64
Why are my emails generated with Python stuck in mail queue
Centos 7 - ssh-keygen is not generating keys
CUPS-PDF is very slow
How to open a file in a new termite terminal with vim
Dell Vostro laptop - Assign special keys
Can I store my program files on free space or extend my ubuntu drive size?
Grep complete name including dot in pattern
List with two values in every List Item
How to obtain certain lines from several texts simultaneously?
nslookup: return only IP address
Where to start after openSUSE minimal WSL install && zypper error
How add Terminal Shortcut in Debian 9 Stretch Mate
What is special about programs that create bootable USB sticks for Linux?
Grep not understanding whitespace delimiter?
What to do when hard link is lost because of my text editor
How to do vi edit on bash Linux?
SELinuxs policy.conf configuration
Why is a directory added to my PATH?
Why is mounted nas showing 0 inodes on users partition?
Debian DPMS - Mplayer
ls command: what does the first line mean?
How can I manipulate the content of a file, by duplicating and changing some parts?
Is screen useful?
What is the exact difference between a 'terminal', a 'shell', a 'tty' and a 'console'?
What happens to data in swap when your computer hibernates?
What is the most advanced image editing FLOSS?
Apache server 32 binaries vs 64 binaries? what's the difference
Add Apache to Ubuntu's startup
Markdown Viewer
How to have correct permissions of files from usb disks?
What are the benefits and downsides to use FuseFS filesystems?
Resource needed to manage cert.db7 files for AIX
GVim compiled from source opened via SSH -X does not copy paste on selection
Does $SHELL store the path to the default shell in Linux?
How would you create a user with the HOME_DIR field in /etc/passwd completely blank?
Why do tar and gzip files usually have a file extension?
OpenBSD: 32 bit or 64 bit
How to find files with names having a long string after the first dot
Automounting plugged devices in linux
Hanging install blocks new installations on WebOS
Is it possible to name windows in emacs
sort output by column
What is /usr/local/bin?
Temporary .vimrc
Is there a way to redirect a program's output and still have it go to stdout?
Tomcat: no xmx/xms value set, where is the heap value being defined?
Desktop settings no longer being applied
telinit 1 and run a command there
Is it possible to define a command in bash?
How to dynamically chose PBS queue during job submission
Samba 4.1.9 returning "access denied" trying to change share perms from Win client
wget to get all the files in a directory only returns index.html
Why am I not getting correct output with sort command
Have tmux wait until I SSH in, to complete rest of Tmuxinator script
VIA "Chrome 9 HC" graphics card causes blackscreen on CentOS 6.5
How to Resolve a .so Dependency
Thunderbird: new email sound notification not working
what is oldroot?
Rename Debian package automatically pulled by apt-get upgrade
Debian disables IRQs
Shell script not executing
How can I disable a part of the screen in X.Org
How to make grub Command Line Default?
Older Computer Not Stable With Mint 17
What's the purpose of the randomart image for user (not host) SSH keys?
Use `cut` to extract a list from /etc/passwd
sudo: unable to execute ./script.sh: no such file or directory
What is the alternative or equivalent to Windows services on Gnu/Linux?
How to make Cron run
Cross compile a raspberry pi kernel
iptables rule no actions on scapy packets
Hosting my website from home
Vagrant: failed to mount nfs shared folder (mount.nfs: Operation not permitted)
ntfs-3g-mount: mount failed: Device or resource busy
UID mapping with rsync
Some applications cover my top bar in dwm
Eye-FI SD Card not working with inbuilt card reader
How do you extract a single folder from a large tar.gz archive?
Find all postgresql and mysql databases on a system
Host unreachable and I do not get why
Combining Awk with Curl
CentOS Apache virtual hosts sites-available type structure
Run xterm with login shell or not?
ls taking long time in small directory
In Emacs, editing C, sort-fields not working, or stating sole completion. Why?
What is the fastest way to view images from the terminal?
How should I start X after ssh'ing into a remote box?
Recompile Apache22 with threading seamlessly?
su vs sudo -s vs sudo -i vs sudo bash
How do I restore default owner of files in /var/ directory?
FTP over SSL in AIX (UNIX)
Headless Debian Server + Windows Clients + X11 Forwarding
Search for file permisions other than 755
ZSH %m prompt escape not working as documented under Debian Linux
Stuck at "Attached SCSI removable disk" trying to install Linux Mint
How can I force a bash loop to end if it runs x times in x seconds?
Creating recursively sorted RAR archive
Adding an ip to a routing table
How to define 'tab' delimiter with 'cut' in BASH?
Cannot execute command at GNU screen startup
Home key acting strange in bash (tty and X) on long input strings
Is there a way to lock terminal's title?
/sys/class/drm directory structure
Compiling software with the same options as a previous install
curl several files and save output in one file
Am I in the right direction for a linux os?
Lost window title bars and everything after selecting bad window theme in Linux Mint
How can I manage puppet.conf with Puppet?
Script that uses MySQL query to automatically remove output
Why is there a type for process ids (pid_t), but not for file descriptors (fd)?
How to handle custom debian packages version numbers?
How do I change the icon size and padding in the Gnome 3 upper panel on Linux Mint 12?
PXE boot chaining to hardcoded TFTP server?
Regular expressions with ExpectJ
confusing about PSS in /proc/pid/maps
Four tasks in parallel... how do I do that?
Activating Audio System in Arch Linux
Mutt: can I define my own rules for quoted message detection?
Installation Error: Kernel Panic - not syncing
Black screen when installing Fedora 16
Installing afpfs-ng from source
Is my USB hard disk dead?
How to make a mirror of Linux Mint package repository with debmirror?
failed to start postfix.service: Unit not found
Process in Android making UDP connection not registered anywhere
wget --spider fails with 404 but works without --spider
!$ vs $_ difference?
iostat: avoid displaying loop devices information
Block ping to interface in different subnet
systemd Restart is not working?
Regain ability to use ^C to close backgrounded then (effectively) foregrounded processes
Bash script to execute command with file from directory and condition
How to get host "client" initiator wwn's from FC SAN card & switch
Gnome's calculator: "Malformed expression"
Find size of shared memory tmpfs
Finding Files With a Particular Pattern
Moving $HOME to /local/name123 on RHEL 7.6 (Maipo)
add per-client 'hosts' file for DNS clients on router
Ability to mount the same tmpfs more than once
Syntax to only forward logs for certain contain condition
Combining multiple columns and insert information in middle
sxhkd config better expansion
Small build-in ssd in notebook can install linux?
Unable to install handbrake on Ubuntu 13.10 via PPA
Reusing user input in a script
How can I install Policykit with System V?
Is it OK to copy /etc/sysconfig/iptables to another machine?
Securing a script a little more
( /etc/sysconfig/iptables ) "Manual customization of this file is not recommended." Why?
How can I output the difference between 2 files?
Merge CSV files with field delimiters also occuring inside quotes
CSV file + set CSV parameters and values in bash script
How to make a Torrent client keep the same torrent data for multiple users?
How do I iterate the list and copy the files from machineB and machineC efficiently?
How to get sound intensity of an audio input through terminal?
Running a program to output in Dutch
How to cd into a directory as part of shell script and do a word count of files?
Remapping power key to delete
Bandwidth Management tool
Trying to hear audio coming from LINE IN using ALSA on Debian
Touchpad utility
How to write conditional if statement in bash shell script?
How to see buffered and cached data
How to copy files from one machine to another using ssh
Location of the kernel binary (when not in /boot)?
Partitions same size but different block
What format is the file /var/mail/username mail utilities
z in bash script returns zero
Mark as executable
How to show names of files being compared?
Apache2 does not run on IPv4 tcp port
Where is `/var/www` in Arch Linux
Can I cancel SSH (after using it to browse) without logging out?
What is the default root password for mariadb in Arch Linux?
How does the piping in this command ultimately achieve to kill the process?
Generate man page in realtime?
Please explain what's going on in my XMonad config file
How do I read an acpidump in OpenBSD?
Disable cronjob after reboots
Stop vim from messing up my indentation on comments
using udptunnel with openvpn
Why is sudo not installed by default in Debian?
Headlessly Compiling and Uploading Arduino Programs on an armhf Platform
xargs loop with input variable for use in multi-command
Use xargs input in eval command
apt-get install without debconf prompt
Mount home partition on user login
How to redirect/forward between a tun/tap device and a socket using linux tools?
Debian access point is detected, but provides no Internet access
Is there any point in using `sudo` when you are the sole user of your machine?
Finding the PID of the process using a specific port?
How to highlight a word in the output of "cat"?
Why is attempting to capture a PID causing my shell script to mysteriously terminate?
What differences are between using `-u` and not with rsync?
How to give output on successful completion of the command?
Display grep output in table columns
How to script an an exponential function that decrements the value of the exponent every iteration so that the exponent does not grow?
Why does `rsync` not require super-user privileges?
Operation of ` with echo when trying to awk
Insert text N lines before the last line
How to tar zip directories which are 7 days older
How can we compile mulitple package specs in a bash script?
Yum repo mirror accumulates updateinfo.xml.gz files - can they be removed
How to do desktop-integration while installing openoffice on F28
SSH: Unable to login
Why doesn't cut command split a given string?
How to release and renew IP address from DHCP on Linux systems?
How to drop privilege of root user initiated process?
Why 2 linux machine behave differently with command of the same syntax?
Why does sftp hide the log from stdout?
BackTrack 5 gui won't load after Installation
using logrorate with a complex logging directory
How to insert a line into text document right before line containing some text in bash?
Replace using VIM, reuse part of the search pattern
Set a callback for when a certain process is spawned
Removing supend and hibernate privileges
readline: unix-word-rubout, but backwards, is it possible?
using watch with ssh
Creating one-time cgroup
how to forbid a command without a permission
Centos Crontab not responding
How to search all subdirectories and their subdirectories for the occurence of a word using grep?
on puppy linux, how to manage power settings
Script using CURL to add information to site every month
Does "226 Transfer complete" guarantee the consistency between local and remote files when using ftp?
snmp/snmptrap support of ipv6
Replace variable read from a text file (so they can be interpreted)
How to combine two grep statements and display their results together?
AltGr key combinations through Qtnx 
Does epoll give available bytes to read or write, and threshold feature?
Generate a key (number?) based on part of the machine's hardware components
Turn a bash and php script into a distributable rpm
Command line audio - piping for simultaneous playback and recording
Cannot access to localhost with 127.0.0.1
How to configure mailx to support Gmail?
Linux I/O shared memory access
Replace whole line in a file from command-line
Enabling Compiz Viewport Switcher key bindings
init.exe: Caught segmentation fault, core dumped - what is the source of this error
Typescript -terminal recording into video?
Convert OGV video to GIF animation?
Is there a clipboard on non-GUI Ubuntu / Linux systems? Can I synchronize it with my local (OS X) clipboard?
How to create a snapshot of a physical disk?
Java on FreeBSD
QEMU-KVM and internal DHCP server
Quickly find which file(s) belongs to a specific inode number
Can't start X window because reporting can't find a valid framebuffer device
Use AWK add new line if match exists
Can conky float over maximized windows?
Run a sh file on machine boot up
How to use bash to create a socket server and allow multiple clients in the same port?
Binary executable file with write permission get READONLY from vim
Modify bash history from inside subshell in an interactive session
Read keyboard inputs in Linux
lsblk column "RAND" aka "adds randomness" - what does it mean?
Understanding piped commands in Unix/Linux
Forwarding desktop notifications over SSH
Recover comand is not working
Changing screen brightness with keys doesn't work on clevo based laptop
How do I remount / on my live CD to include /mnt/sda1/overlaytest as upperdir?
Can't load kernel
Dell - no bootable device found - lubuntu
sed: Match this comma or that, but not both
Merging two columns causes them to skip lines
grep from list of keywords
Linux mint 19.1 cinnamon randomly didn't boot after update - just once however
How can I list files in reverse time order by a command and pass them as arguments to another command?
Can't get ufw rules to allow dlna/upnp traffic between pc and stereo
How to disable right click only on desktop and icons in XFCE4?
Cron and etherwake on Raspbian
Extract lines that have two or more dots
Diagnostics for Linux terminal settings
How can I install a package on OpenBSD?
FreeNAS zpool import crashing
How do I find out if my sudoer privilege timed out?
installing emacs on CentOS
change zypper language
NFS share mounting issue
Can we switch into SysV in a distribution which uses systemd by default?
Minimal kernel config repositories
web-based backup strategy implementation for Ubuntu linux
snapshot linux vmware guest from within vm
having trouble connecting to wireless on FreeBSD 11 on RasPi 2
Change size of /home partition and move /var/www on new partition
Grep Command execution within a loop gives error
Uninterruptible Backup Process on Solaris
How to change file names in a directory to new names contained in a file?
dd script with timings
How to execute root command scripts from not root user with SUID use?
dnssec-validation problem centos
Debian install, mounting /var /tmp /home in the same partition
Problem installing ZoneMinder from jessie-backports under Debian 8
Sorting an array based on substring of each element
Cannot remove file: "Structure needs cleaning"
Removing nameserver from resolv.conf
what is ascii 7-bit character set and ascii 8-bit character set?
simple bash while loop creates an unwanted file named 0
BackTrack 5 R3 programs aren't opening
LXC with both GUI apps and snapshots on unmodified Fedora kernel
Unable to install anything on a linux on HP t610 Thin Client
dd primary partition slow transfer rate
How can I sit in on a stream without getting in the way, while capturing and testing it?
Access Windows Share from local linux machine through remote ssh server
Git hanging while cloning source
Pass a Function to another user in Bash?
gnome-terminal unicode chars not showing - Locale is set to en_US.utf8
What is difference between w and W in escape mode of vim?
fedora 17 with fedup 0.7
How to restore my system after reinstalling Ubuntu?
GTK applications don't get the icon theme selected in KDE
How to search for video files on Ubuntu?
When do I use cp --attributes-only
Debian can't reboot and asking for root password (maintenance)
zsh: What does the command "time + number" do in zsh
why updatedb command takes too much time?
Why did the interface name of my wireless card change when I added a sound card?
print multiple words separated by space
Appending output of command in for loop
Opening files within archives from vim
How to move string from one line to another
Where does a device file come from?
Crontab not running a shell script but works with command line
Do we have 2 types of "Shells" in Unix?
How do I create Free Extents, so I can replace a physical drive in this lvm Volume Group?
Remove files + files from subdirectories in Directory
How does the find command know how many arguments to feed with "-exec ... {} +"?
Problems with linux mint boot
Does the system-wide limit on argument count apply in shell functions?
"No such file or directory" when running node script
how to write some text into a file in different machine
tail: error writing 'standard output': Broken pipe
How to see which files are identical given a list of files in two projects
SKYPE on ubuntu 14-04 -- how to upgrade it?
Plasma-browser-integration breaks with `export QT_QPA_PLATFORMTHEME="qt5ct"`
Restart gui (GTK) on Raspberry Pi from remote shell
Is it possible to have a shared port for ssh tunneling that segregates sessions based on client?
Merge mount points
Grep content for multiple files
Zsh: force file/folder obey new umask
Is it possible to get aws account id with only aws access key and secret key in command line (CLI)
In my CentOS 7.2 the symbolic link is not the whole directory
Disable caching for entire file system or disk?
Why can't I switch to a virtual avfs directory with quotes?
libinput - Tap to click only for three fingers
Alias to CD in a directory and call a command
How do I look at the source code for a command?
netcat6 in IPv6 local network
Flashed Intel Braswell Chromebook but still getting OS verification off screen
How to display uptime in i3status bar?
Solus traffic flow
Fedora 18 host cannot ping Windows XP guest
What does a sudo command do?
Killing tcp connection in linux
Calling a script on machine shutdown
is free command displaying all physical memory or there is some RAM reserved and hidden?
I want to expose "easy" URL's for machines on a home network. Is custom DNS/BIND the answer?
no sound in fedora 18
Which linux distros have GNOME as the default desktop manager?
How do I set bash aliases and variables from within vim?
How to create a customized distribution based on Debian?
Where does sudo get the currently logged in username from?
How do I get a field in bash's job list using awk?
Webcam on Openbsd
How to delete lines where the given part of the line is more than 100 chars?
How to detect what is causing entries in the "last" cmd's output?
Preventing zsh from using aliases in CWD (prompt)
Adblock rule to block g+ / twitter / etc.
pureftpd - login authentication failed
How can I tell which version of Varnish I'm running?
Why do the nfs4 tutorials recommend to bind mount sub directories
Triple compression and I only save 1% in space?
open() console for default file descriptors
How to update the version of gcc-c++ on Fedora?
Lots of text files into one big text file
I opened a port with iptables but the connection to Oracle on port 5500 still doesn't work
User mounted secondary drive as /var
Reading from USB serial port under Cygwin
Add a new user steps for Oracle Linux 5
iotop but for particular disk?
Determine how much a process is using each disk?
How to install virtualbox guest addition in a guest machine with the latest Archlinux?
A real non-"better touch tools" solution for select-to-copy on Mac OS X
Difference between --xz and --lzma in GNU tar?
What's the difference between single and double equal signs (=) in shell comparisons?
Not enough space to upgrade Redhat kernel
rsync: --no-whole-file does not work if a line added to file's tail
Telnet connection Procurve switch
Fedora 27: how to limit xserver restart attempts?
Change simgle key with mod key behaviour in openbox and x11
Lenovo X270 - 4G Connection doesn't connect
Unzipped/zipped file search
How to identify the switch port an interface is connected to?
How can I install GRUB for just one partition?
Foreign characters not showing on Chrome, using Arch Linux (Anarchy)
Parted: Creating partitions on a drive for EUFI boot, fat16 doesn't mount properly or show up on firmware as boot option
Wine is still available after uninstalling it
How to know the URL when I submit a login form using POST method?
Find with exec not working as expected
Disable Centos Update
How to configure TripleHead2Go in my Linux machine?
xmodmap not mapping Ctrl to Super except in Ubuntu's Keyboard Shortcuts
How does Linux kernel handles multiple parallel syscall() request?
Why is it that everytime I mistype a command bash stops working?
While loop using a counter utilizing user's input of an integer
Use environment variable in .inputrc keybinding
Spectre Meltdown on 32-bit x86
How to capture two regex
Ubuntu 16.04 root password suddenly not working(even after resetting)
Why is mkntfs taking such a long time?
How to convert xqx files into actual text using a command like xqxdecode?
Restrictions on pivot_root to switch root filesystem
Exported Date Variable not appearing in subshell
rsync du puzzle
Samba Shared Folder with Windows Clients
Non-interactive & non-login shell environment?
VirtualBox not install CentOS Guest Additions
hostapd and dhcpcd boot order
Cron shell ignores runuser command - why?
Udev rules: how to match only kernel devices (not partitions) after device #26?
How will bash evaluate following code
sed match only in second line
Change Mac Address permanently inside /etc/network/interfaces
piping longer strings to tr causes hang and CPU spike
Setting permissions with rsync only if the file is owned by the user
How is this command redirection working?
Ulimit values in limits.conf vs 20-nproc.conf
How to deal with filenames containing a single quote inside a zsh completion function?
suse server virtual box issues
Numpad emulation
tmux is causing anaconda to use a different python source
Line by line modifications in Unix
spamassassin does not honour local.cf
Why is a filesystem type ext3/ext4 simultaneously?
How to run a command block in the main shell?
Creating my own cp function in bash
BASH associative array printing
Can rsync update a large file that has only changed partially without full retransmission?
Error while Installing Kivy with pip on GalliumOS
Recommendation for usb drive pool
Is it possible to cross-compile C++ source code, that was originally written for Microsoft's Windows to Gnu/linux?
How to make dnscrypt-proxy auto start in Fedora 25
Not accessed blocked sites with OpenVPN
Connect Networks Together Using OpenVPN on CentOS 7
AT91SAM9260EK upgraded kernel from 2.6 to 4.4, Serial port not working
Install ANARCI on RHEL 6
passing multiple arguments trough a pipe
How can I set up a common SFTP directory for certain users, mounted with s3fs?
How to automate desktop setup when starting up?
How do I disable a kernel module persistently?
How to determine what process is eating up all available disk space?
Network monitoring tool for Linux
How are session keys, public/private keys generated on the ssh server and client and used?
How to get GNU parallel on Amazon Linux?
Proper type casting in a shell script for use with while loop and modulus
How to make PGP's output less verbose in mutt with GnuPG & TOFU?
Wait until a process comes back from sleep
provide internet access to an isolated remote server
Calculating the total traffic generated by an application in a network
OpenVPN Server does not reply to Client ping
Kernel Oops causing system crash when playing game - nvidia drivers
How to take a screenshot of the X virtual framebuffer display?
Generate Calendar Text File in Linux
Execute command when user interaction is detected ( ex: moving mouse, pressing key )
How to load custom Linux kernel module that is not Linux kernel version dependant using RPM
incrontab on folder name containing line feeds
How can I Split a text file into new files
specify shell for ssh session
Perl stripping substring with $ in front
Proxmox hook for VMs
Curl to grab the page after complete load
Automatically set number in vim without modifying vimrc because of limited permission
System messages in vim
Shell - PTS/0 Suddenly Changed to PTS/1 Why did it happen and how to change it back?
default boot device missing or boot failed after destroying GPT data
How to allow icmp for your machine?
How to check for file system consistency after power outage
Flashing an SD-card using the tsv descriptor file
AMDGPU driver apparently not loading firmware
OpenBSD - How to start x by default?
CSV dataset to text dataset
Showing multiple calenders in zenity command
How can I set two serials for GRUB
how can i replace kali kernel version 5.2 to 4.9.0 manually in usb live
How to get remote file modification time and size from a shell script?
Exploit SUID program by using environment variables
Cannot Update the SSD Firmware Using nvme-cli or msecli
vim - replace multiple words with yanked text, multiple times
How to list packages that depend on a certain version of a dependency?
Is there a Linux image viewer that can browse images by a specific order?
Install a package from the current release
Will a USB drive be mounted by the time a udev monitor in C receives a signal?
Shell Script not running when I connect a USB
Find file while other file exist in same directory
How to use haproxy for outgoing requests?
What is the root password for raspbian jessie or debian 9
sed Shell Script not working correctly
How tdo you add an unallocated space partition to your kali linux partition? (Kali linux dual booted with windows 10)
How to randomly sample a subset of a song on command line
Does linux (kernel) support Intel speed shift?
prepend the first line of a file to every line of the rest of the same file
direct lan wire to linux guest on 2 socket lan mainboard
Grep in file with whole cat output
How can I edit sudoers file if I have lost permissions despite providing root password?
Install Java command line - webupd8team PPA DISCONTINUED
Arch linux: unexpectedly shut down while installing a program
change "\nX" into "Y"
Why I cannot tar gzip all the contents of a specific folder
Installation stuck at reboot
How to set variables in nested ssh session
sed command working only when no outfile is written
Setting up multiple network interfaces using /etc/network/interfaces
Removing lines whose first column is duplicated
Have logwatch send reports only once a week
apt is always locked in other duties when I want to update my system
Passing variable to jq to edit a json file
File name problem(?)
Confused about determining if a shell script is running interactively
How to add CA cert to OpenBSD (6.4)
wget: error getting response: Address family not supported by protocol
Copy between different vim instances in different tmux sessions (RHEL 7.6 Maipo)
How to see laptop camera logs on Ubuntu
Possible xorg memory leak
Can still cat/tail/head/etc. a file without the read permission
How expand rootfs (/dev/root) with SD card if the device loads OS from on-board eMMC
Blocking specfix URIs with Apache redirect rules
AppArmor's genprof not scanning events
How do I force Ubuntu to use a device as an USB serial device?
How to temporarily disable sudo credentials timestamp timeout?
Why is kernel module blacklisting so weak?
centos7 can't login through the x but work for ssh
Is data streamed as stdout/stderr removed after it appears in the terminal?
Can't Paste any Texts
Log Console Output
Enabling XRDP for remote on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 SP3 (HVM)
Rename files on QNAP linux (batch)
man pages no longer rendering - lots of "permission denied" errors related to pager / vimpager
Recovering data from external hard disk error
Create a RPM repo and hosted in a cloud service?
It appears mutt does not recognize the use of HTML nth-child(odd) usage
How to pipe an ssh user into lxc-attach?
Switch between X applications without a window manager
How to merge unallocated preceding partition using gparted or any other tool
How can "which" find commands inside directories where I have no read permissions?
Capture Return Code and Sort Array w/printf
i3 window manager: black screen, no mouse
New to Arch Linux, problems installing grub
How to convert '\t' and '\n' in my json terminal output into something useful?
Why "*" works differently in different commands?
Maximize coverage of a dataset
Copy multiple files in multiple folders into one
Making a script interact with another program
SCHED_RR and SCHED_FIFO only work on "prempt kernal"?
Getting below error while building an image in docker
Searching within annotations (Okular PDF Reader)
Is there a way to go back to column 1 in less?
Set fixed audio volume on external USB sound card
What does EL5 and EL6 means in term of packages?
Variable expansion in Bash
How to disable automatic updates in CentOS 7?
Booting "Linux from Scratch" doesn't bring up # prompt
How to combine connlimit with IP sets?
How to set password of cups 1.3.7 (/etc/cups/passwd.md5) without prompting?
Can RSH be told to use a specific shell
extract line from same string
Store 2^500 in a variable in bash
How is /proc/net files getting populated in Linux/Unix?
find and replace a value in a line of text
Connect to offline network on second interface
How can keyboard smooth scrolling be turned off in gedit (GNOME 3.14/Fedora 21)?
Set default xdg-open application to terminal program
how does linux kernel deal with windows NTFS filesystem?
Using DKMS, to automatically patch and install kernel on update
RHEL ISO with kickstart file
How can I let high priority processes continue when low priority processes are causing free memory to be low
Atomic removal of directory
(Pure FTP) FTP User login directory
bluetooth mouse disconnects
Use local NTP service
What is the difference between X11 keymapping and virtual console keymapping
Deleting text selection in VNC cuts it instead of deleting it
Can I check how much energy a USB device is consuming?
How to access KVM guest console without password?
Rename mp3 file names to a pattern
Makefile make install not executing multiple line commands
Why won't my BIND / Apache configuration work?
Can't login with the set password deployed by proxmox in CoreOS
How to use process substitution within a case statement without getting syntax errors?
bash [[ = ]] behaviour
How to print out every other line to the monitor
Dual-monitor setup with custom desktop environment and Compiz
Stdin Input Behavior Between "cat" and "less"
Adding timestamp into log file via cronjob command
Tab autocompletion of accented characters with oh-my-zsh doesn't work
Else not Executing
Redirect output of less utility to a file
Copy array of multiple files with globbed extensions, in bash 3.2
EXT4 Journaling - Problem
Finding out what sh is
If dual boot Linux with windows 8 will I still be able to upgrade to windows 10
GDM is flashing and I can't login
syndaemon won't disable touchpad while typing
How can I properly escape a string to be passed to a shell with a command argument
characteristics of interface type dummy
Can I delete or move mail files from maildir cur folder?
Problem with internal USB hub & my smartphone
echo text after curl command on same line
Debian cannot connect to local daemons from localhost
Why does passing a HEREDOC as a string to `ruby -e` not work?
Update Manager tells me my system up to date but
Vim Error 'E212: Cannot open file for writing', when trying to create new files outside of home dir
concatenate .out files
HTTP request failed after listening on multiple ports or after enabling SSL Module on my Linux Board
How to set up environment after installation of a software inside home directory?
How can I make this System V init script start at boot?
added new library, old one hanging around
Why do I have to escape a "dot" twice?
how to read and modify fstab in python?
Have grep output spaced for each file
Sorting file by first and then second column
Active Directory to OpenLDAP synchronisation
Emulating scroll lock behaviour to trigger USB KVM switch
Explicit range beween values
What does $_, and $0 represent in sourced bash?
How to continue yum download while not deleting existing cache?
How to associate and authorize a mysql DB user with a mysql DB, in mysql CLI?
unable to do cd got file not found in PATH
Password problem x11vnc
Apache2 - link DocumentRoot to subfolder on external drive but alter permissions
$1 in curl json body now working
Using CSF (or other app) to block access to tomcat manager based on URL and ip address
How to reach and read GUI data from graphics memory
ssh login fails with timeout
Grep: Use colour for one of multiple expressions
Linux (Solus): trouble connecting USB camera (Apple iSight)
Meaning of st_ino
What is the command to speed up processors ?
Dhcp Client: What is the difference between client sending the hostname and requesting the hostname to Dhcp server?
awk from different lines
prefixing multiple lines preserving line breaks
CentOS7 : Need to restart SoftEther VPN interface to have my static IP
bash variable does not keep command result
Docker Bitbucket start stop at: c.a.s.i.hazelcast.HazelcastLifecycle Updating Hazelcast instance capabilities
Graphical glitches in Nano when using ssh
Problem with Xorg (lightdm kiosk app) and usb keyboard
Certain applications hanging every few seconds, stops with external monitor
Meaning of 'wait $${!}' in docker-compose.yaml?
How to generate a self-signed certificate in DER format with private key included, using OpenSSL?
Install openssh-server 8.0p1 on Ubuntu 18.04.3 LTS
alsa: command not found on Debian Buster
Linux processes - Too large for RAM usage. What is it?
Modifying UARTCLK
Read text file and move only those files to another folder
LVM on LUKS FDE: GRUB won't mount my root partition / during boot even though cryptomount and cryptdevice are given in grub.cfg
NagiosQL Installation: Checking requirements. Write test on settings file (config/settings.php): failed
Formatting a problematic USB Drive
Xfbdev not found after including X (tinyx/kdrive) in Buildroot
Excluding users from the top command
Is there a block-level storage file system?
HP monitor gets Full HD in Windows, does not get Full HD with Ubuntu 18.10
Detect pty buffer capacity
JQ filtered data with included parent key
How do I transpose the nth row to a column?
Set time zone without root privilege
Multiple user credentials in wget
/proc/stat - is guest counted into user time?
Arch Linux not displaying most characters
Quick way to open a distant file in vim in command line
Flattening folder structure
upstart environmental variable from command
How do I use command arguments with Cmnd_Alias in sudoers?
Why does Shift+Insert paste from CLIPBOARD in some applications and PRIMARY in others?
Autoloading a particular driver, based on a detected specific kernel
Is it possible to show rsync output on a single line?
How to Disable right click button on redhat 6?
Bash - non-numeral arguments to [] operator(array)
How to configure a tool to open shell or run a shell command?
Heavy Load crashes user started processes on Linux mint
List of filenames as argument for mplayer => mplayer doesn't recognize the filenames
FreeBSD Broadcom BCM43225 Setup
Iterate through command line arguments in Bash
Get output of `posix_spawn`
what are These ones mean ? it’s a Homework !
pfSense: What package may I install for the `make` command?
Why doesn't this find command work? Regex & Find variants for .mp3 .wav and .m4a files
How can I send mail from localhost by using postifx
Thunderbird / Firefox profile missing or inaccessible
What do the numbers in the "@@" line mean in output of diff?
Have Raspberry Pi and Server occasionally ping each other to check status
Issue when trying to boot Windows partition (Linux Mint/Windows 10 Dual Boot)
GRUB2: boot to a second (another) hard disk
How to install a Ruby gem on Arch Linux using Puppet?
Redirect Output of Pocketsphinx_continuous to a file
Vim - Is there a way to get immediate visual feedback during Insert in Visual Block Mode?
Is it possible to use TLSv1.3 in Apache 2.4
How do I decrease brightness even further on Thinkpad X230?
CentOs 5.3, Yum Update Fails
How do I use dmtxread to read a scanned data matrix?
rsync backup not creating any files
FreeBSD: How can I install kernel sources for 10.2-STABLE version?
command to enhance console lines with history
Is it possible to mount a device in a process' namespace after unshare()
How do I redirect output to cd?
Big tab spacings with Kate
What steps does the system go through when handling an SSH connection?
How to detect and remove a Linux trojan?
How does partprobe work?
In OSX ssh-keygen creates a key but then the session won't connect
Why does xargs cause apt-get to abort?
X stuck when using OpenGL
GUI archive manager that works well over ssh
Switch display output without rebooting but not in Xorg
put history command onto command line without executing it
What is your favourite shell script GUI/CLI editor and why?
Is Linux a Unix?
Force dhcp client to get a new lease
Broadcast to all users in friends list with kopete?
What is the difference between X and XFree?
How do I count all the files recursively through directories
IPTABLES to block all outgoing connections except selected networks
ext4 used space (not -m option, not deleted files)
dag.repo overwritten
Is it possible to run vlc as root?
Making Fluxbox look pretty
What is a good X terminal not from a major window environment?
Eject USB drives / eject command
Light GUI user interfaces
Swap two columns in a CSV using SED
Cannot enter a forward slash character when logging in via ssh
How to direct bash network request through a socket5 proxy?
What is an effective method for installing up-to-date software on an out-dated production machine?
Can we use the exe files in RedHat 6 as we do in UBUNTU
Why does this awk command not play as well with find as sed does?
Linux on Lenovo Z575 - no display after installation
"nl80211: 'nl80211' generic netlink not found" when starting hostapd
How to perform grep on FTP?
openSUSE 12.1 x64: VNC presents "nobody's X11 desktop"
Longest common substring using grep
How to invoke root privileges from a password prompt of "Software Update" window?
How do I get Port level granularity when using Pulseaudio?
tracker-extract high cpu usage
delete then rename: same filenames different extensions
How to block bad packets?
Correct treatment of quotes in parameter expansions
Root problem in Solaris 8
Conditionally enabling systemd files through Debian packaging
Docker container is killed during performance tests
Unix Function func_name ### {{{ purpose of #and {
Server refusing public key with PuTTY
Difference between "cd -" and "cd ~-"
DNS resolve failing for unknown reason
How to print unique name in UNIX using command
Reliable source of RPMs for CentOS?
Count occurencies of value from csv column in other file/s and append as a new column
Destination Host Unreachable between Host and Guest kvm
Pass filename to scripts with autocomplete functionality
Find WiFi MCS Index in Linux
How do I do a cron job with cyclical argument?
Limit size for a particular logfile in Linux
activemq cannot create kahadb on symlinked data directory
Cron task executes every hour instead of every 3 hours
understanding this DOS partition table and cloning to a new drive
Write bootable image to USB and have an usable USB
How can I count the number of times a byte sequence occurs in a file?
How to print non-consecutive pages from a file, 2 pages per sheet?
Is there any way to preview the size of an rsync transfer?
Add black border around PDF file with ghostscript
Diffing two directories recursively based on checksums?
Windows7: Startup Repair
Install Guest Additions on Kali Linux on VirtualBox 5 on Ubuntu
What could be wrong when mkdir, file and touch command give error messages
Setfacl permissions ignored for file copied over sftp
sshuttle connection timing out
I'm trying to print lines that have a matching string but would also like to print "NA" for the other lines
How to make ksh act as if it had been invoked as a login shell (AIX)?
Why is /var/www/html writable only by root (by default)?
serial DMA pausing after 2048 bytes
How to export the current wpa_cli network to a file?
Should I enable the intel-microcode (Linux Mint 18)?
Difference between less -r and less -R
one-liner command to rename a file using the output of another command
How to temporarily switch to llvmpipe
What format is this kernel image? Can not extract kernel code from it?
Arch Linux stuck at boot (reached target Graphical Interface)
Run time for curl command
Different hash value of large rsynced file on centos and ubuntu?
Log any command similar to `time`
How to list RPM packages that depend on a specific library?
Why doesn't grep return what I expect when I use single quotes
How can I revive a dead Linux PC as a vm?
how to boot an install disc in EFI mode?
how to write live rescue disc image (ISO) with dd for UEFI boot?
I messed up my Ubuntu installation, how to fix it
AIX: how to do a dump that contains the application related infos too?
How do you load and boot an ISO over GRUB2
How to use dpkg -i to install package and dependencies where dependencies are all in the same folder
Hiding files without affecting the software or operating system's functionality
How to fetch one file from two paths in unix?
Gnome shell - alt-tab prioritize current workspace
Fluctuating number of files and directories
javac installed in /etc
Diff between a string and a file
Why remote console doesn't use the whole terminal size
Into which directories is software installed by default?
Unable to boot on Debian after cloning dual-boot from HDD to SSD
How do I add network or user source connection data to history entries?
Change default title bar icon
In Debian based systems, how do we purge configuration files of packages that have already been uninstalled?
Install new most recent python package in ubuntu?
Linux Mint 12 two finger scrolling
Linux Mint - Gnome Shell with dual monitor switch main screen
How to re-adjust content while resizing gnome-terminal?
Looking for resources: like C doc for reading files and their attributes? (On Linux)
Disk filename corruption
Are bsdutils, coreutils, and busybox all necessary in a Debian install?
Testing Scripts
Why does installing python-minimal package also grab the python package on Debian?
root can only login with bash restricted mode
Attach multiple times to a single screen session
How do I identify which Linux distro is running?
Installing openjdk-7-jdk does not update java (which is still version 1.6)
Accessing bash [internal] brace expansion iteration number/variable
sudo missing on Palm WebOS - can I add it?
zsh autcomplete not updating path executables
The caps lock and scroll lock lights are flashing and everything is frozen
How can I scroll within the output of my watch command?
list full path of file without tying it from relative relative path
CH3MNAS Fun Plug and NZBget. Cannot launch NzbGet 0.7, word unexpected
How to run commands automatically on gnome-terminal after log-in?
ssh + http proxy (corkscrew) not working
Are there any Workload Management subsystems for Linux?
Why would I keep home directories in /var/home?
Disk quota exceeded; truncate not bringing quota back down
How do I install opkg installer on a system that doesn't have it
Multi-monitor Xorg nVidia on Ubuntu 10.10 without root?
How do I view files as a tree structure?
How can I grep through files whose name begins with `-`?
Why does truncate fail for sizes above 2043G in ext3?
How can I move to the bottom of a document using the pico editor?
Difference between nohup, disown and &
How to make a distro be fullscreen on VirtualBox?
How do I send stdin to the clipboard?
Dragging of windows slow/laggy after installing ATI Radeon HF 4870 graphic drivers in Ubuntu 10.10 Gnome?
How can I tell if my hard drive is PATA or SATA?
Why do my SATA devices show up under /proc/scsi/scsi?
Unable to detect wireless networks in Fedora
Can't get the '-o remount' option on an NFS share to work in Slackware 13.1
How to mount a disk on key on Red-Hat 6 (Beta) after ejecting it
easy-to-use image-editing FLOSS
Which minimal but extendable Linux distribution to choose
How to resume a gnome session?
Amarok2 "Search Collection" shortcut?
"lshw -C disk" returns but prints nothing
Network monitoring tool
Are there any differences between mounting a /proc filesystem inside a chroot compared to mounting it from the outside?
Quick way to host a webserver on localhost
How is a graphical application started from a bash session connected to that bash session?
Static ip for Virtualbox using bridge connection
pfsense: Network freezes when squid service started in bridge mode
find which process is sending the current io request in linux kernel
Recommended partitioning scheme for Arch Linux when using two hard drives
Installing PHP7.0 from sid on jessie
How do I change a LUKS password?
Asus UX303UA rebooting instead of resuming from suspend (ubuntu 15.10)
Why am I getting "Cannot connect to the Docker daemon" when the daemon is running?
Adding IPv6 breaks StackExchange
How to run my RTL8191SU USB Wifi adapter in monitor mode on Linux?
Installing Linux by copying?
Why do we need to mount on Linux?
How to rsync a directory to a new directory with different name?
How to down particular ip in linux?
Runs perfectly through the command line, will not work through systemd ExecStart
how to open someone's shared calendar on thunderbird
Speed run through DVD with ddrescue
AIX memory consumption
Virtualbox guest responding really slow over SSH, VBoxHeadLess stuck in 99.9% system time
XFCE: how to remove "Always on top" option
Ananconda kickstart
Difference between sudo make and sudo -s ; make
Touching the touchpad on Linux interrupts typing
Two IPs on one NIC ( network card )
What considerations would I need when configuring iptables?
Double screen: desktops "moving" with the mouse
How to tar files with a sorted order?
How do I enable thumbnails in PCManFM?
Why can I connect to the IP of a network interface (on a server with multiple network interfaces) when the network cable is removed?
installing Centos 7 and configure RAID 10
How to get certificate type from SSL Certificate of a domain?
'Present' terminal window on shell/executable command?
Why does my RAID 1 NAS have to "synchronize"?
How can I teach grep to treat properties-files like text-files
LXDE (Openbox): add "resize corner" to the window
Rearranging data in file with awk
how to decrypt ecryptfs file with private key instead of passphrase
Why does bash think: 016 + 1 = 15?
How to use grep and cut together?
How to tell the compiler to search some libs inside /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu
How do i create a function to test if the input contains any character?
How to pass the content of a file as multiple arguments in bash
OpenBSD pf NAT rules based on DHCP/DNS
Failed to receive the Open Clip Art Library RSS feed
Use current user environment variable in sudoers file
How to edit /etc/fstab properly for network drive?
Compressing multiple files in different folders without folder structure
Multiple arguments using xargs.
Exim Systemd Service Times out
How to clean a flooded mailbox
Need to print the matching lines in different file
Substitute a string containing && with sed
How to combine two partitions into one?
Why isn't the whole space equal to all the sub partitions?
enable/disable domain redirection
Dynamic change of Linux root password everyday
Apache2.4- how to serve file as html
4GB USB Stick is only 1.37GB now?
Why can't I move a file into an NTFS directory mounted RW?
Python feature disabled vim-nox
debian wifi setup for failover
Pack file with tar.gz from root directory
Sending key press signals to a background process
ext3 vs ext4 - same disk size, less usable disk space under ext4 comparing to ext3. why?
Writing an install script for CentOS
Hourly cronjob does not work
if I upgrade from Debian Wheezy (7.x) to Jessie (8.x), will systemd run by default?
Audio Controller not working on linux mint
Duplex printing options using lp or lpr
FILE size limitation according to Robert Love's textbook
Installing mysql-workbench from the testing ppa (Jessie) in Wheezy
How can I run as another user?
Compare two numbers read from a file
Where to find a list of device drivers supported by linux?
using gmake and make
Backslash with pipe in system command from awk
get xautolock status
How would you get all users history
Bash one liner to change configuration parameters
Is it possible to set mod_expires directives dependent on REMOTE_ADDR?
Fedora 20 crashes momentarily on every boot, but system still running
Is there a drawback when using a chroot in high performance computing?
How can I create a file with multiple lines from the command-line?
Is this possible to customize auth.log about which key was used?
cron, every minute ram issues
Recursively search folder but exclude svn subfolder
What is a distro-agnostic way determine the OS install date?
How can I delete lines that has an empty first column?
FreeBSD source and how to build
What is the difference between $var and "$var"?
Can I list only specific subdirectories?
Manually setting environment variables for Metasploit
How are files laid out in ext2/ext3/ext4?
Ethernet Sniffing Embeded Device
Erasing HDD , re-write only headers , is that safe?
How can I activate the current session in ConsoleKit?
Start and monitor process with CRON
How to make my linux-2.6.24.4 to identify a hard disk with serial mode on intel 3201 mainboard
FreeNAS grub2 booting ISO
How can I write a new syntax highlighter for gedit?
SME server install from USB crashes with "IOError: [Errno 30] Read-only file system"
What is the typical file limit of a folder on *nix file systems?
How to mount external hard disk every time the server is restarted?
What is the difference between a job and a process?
How to install Fedora from an ISO on a USB?
How do I get bash completion for command aliases?
What is the most complete MS Word alternative?
Should I install an antivirus?
Why do I need to hit enter to get my shell prompt after my init.d script completes?
sbopkg is not working with proxy
Tunnel through a NAT
Xorg partially working for a font error
What can I do when apt-get/aptitude doesn't create a menu item for an installed program?
Dual network connection
apt-get doesn't stop on Ctrl-c, what to do?
Good free intro to Ubuntu?
Anacron job complains "Gtk-WARNING **: cannot open display"
Using software OpenGL rendering with X
Why is there a separate package repository for Debian security updates?
Can't access select https sites on Linux over PPPoE
Change directory without typing cd?
Monitoring activity on my computer.
Ubuntu postfix installation error: trying to overwrite '/usr/sbin/validlocale', which is also in package libc-bin 0:2.10.1-0ubuntu18
How to use iphone internet tethering via USB with Ubuntu 10.04
Disable Composite without restarting X
Install g++ when having gcc (C only) -- RH6
aliasing cd to pushd - is it a good idea?
pysvn fails to make due to -lneon not found?
Setting up a wireless to ethernet bridge
Unique synergy monitor setup
How to get GNOME volume applet back?
Looking for a simple X Window panel/dock with icon "pinning" feature from Windows 7
Single CD install of a RHEL-like distribution?
How to make my Linux tcsh prompt bold?
Where is 'kernel panic' used?
truncating file names
Reason for ksh obsoleting -eq
How to remove KDE and XFCE applications from GNOME menu?
How to insert text into a root-owned file using sudo?
What is the difference between ls and l?
How do I get sudo -u $user to use the users env?
How do I get kopete to hide/ignore status changes?
Linux Editor to make video for elearning
How do I pg_upgrade my database on Arch Linux?
Is there a way to dynamically refresh the less command?
Recursively compare directory contents by name, ignoring file extensions
Delete whole line if after ":" less than 4 chars
Backed up over wrong hard drive
ajaxterm using proportional font
Check values in a text file
xkb - Keymaps at `/usr/share/X11/kbd/symbols` 2 values vs 4 values being specified
System calls in linux
How to redirect stdout to a file and read from the same file simultaneously with another task?
System calls source code
squashfs reserve some free space
How to programmatically detect when a device raises an interrupt?
Can I `yum search` for an architecture other than my own?
Remove All NVIDIA Files
How to edit hotspot settings in Linux Mint 17?
how to use the eval command in order to print the value of parameter
Low level system call
apt-cache policy gimp libgegl-0.2-0
How to see what processes WERE running?
Count duplicate rows with constraint
APT pinning or faking the version number of my own package?
"BIOS update requires USB to be enabled" workaround?
Why can I not change xorg.conf.d "OutputClass" to "Device" for RX560 GPU
virsh preboot script
Nautilus doesn't open anymore
why connection refused by host(centos)
Looping through two files with a for loop and evaluating the indices
remove specific characters from a string
How can i terminate 'find' after the first match?
Linux Kernel: Redirecting dmesg to a txt file through the kernel space
How to get around R_X86_64_PLT32 error when bisecting the Linux kernel
How to access external HDD from Ubuntu Shell
How to produce a PS1 prompt in bash or ksh93 similar to tcsh
What controls the buffering of stdout stderr?
Debian 9 - sign_and_send_pubkey
AWS transfer for sftp - Increase sftp session timeout from server
Different Wi-Fi SSIDs, same network: cannot switch connections
Multiple Xsessions on 1 computer
Include special characters when sorting files
Deleted a user but forgot to delete home directory and user files
Recursively copying a folder to an empty subfolder
Showing only relevant columns
Bootloaders triple windows fedora kali - each bootloader loads it's host OS and windows, not the other linux
How to pass JSON in a curl GET request?
Systemd service - custom operation
How do I enable listing of zsh commands as you type
Proper way to activate LVM partition on multipath during the boot
How to set separate X and Y deceleration in xinput?
How to fix `start-limit-hit` trying to start gunicorn on ubuntu 18?
Getting memory usage of a process: comparing pmap to top
Truncated incorrect DOUBLE value: 'null'
mounting loop not working with UUID
Launch ec2 instance using boto3 with security group
jessie-backports fix creates "has no installation candidate" error
Linux CentOS: run rc.local after boot
Can't install dev-util/meson-0.49.2::gentoo, with emerge, can't install any other package from the list
Debian 8 - Can't install Git
How to insert Line break regex
unmet dependencies of mongodb
Sync AD domain user folders across machines connected to the same domain
How to pass to ssh the key stored in a shell environment variable?
sed/awk/python replace all spaces between characters after string match
I have a list of file names and line numbers. How can I modify these lines in place?
Getting wifi errors
Cant hide mouse cursor on embedded Debian
wrong application mime type on chrome with manjaro
Why in zsh setopt command and $- are not the same?
Fedora 29 upgrading 1400 packages -- is it safe to shut down in the middle of the upgrade?
I would like to find a line in a file and replacing a string
tcl cd/pwd command with regard to real/symbolic path
How to setup password history using authconfig?
Prevent dangerous commands from going into bash history
Is there anyway that I can find all files indent with n-space?
Parsing folder structure with $HOME in the name
403 frobidden when trying access apache / directory
How to hide a specific unmounted volume
Unable to login for graphical session on Mint + Not available space on filesystem
How to save a query result in a variable?
How to deny crontab to group
error installing amdgpupro 18.50 driver on linux mint 19.1
How to properly setup user/groups/permissions for a web server?
Mounting an old floppy image file (.ima format) - how hard can it be?
How do I install unetbootin on an E1 Vision AMD processor?
Kodak still camera udev problem
gpg starting gpg-agent on demand?
Kernel module parameters vs /sys/class/... explanation
Why can my gentoo systemd installation only execute files as root?
How can I print only certain commands from a bash script as they are run?
Keyboard layout switch (Ctrl+Shift) in a new xorg
How to "listen" to nginx writes to a file socket
Which runlevel is best for a Linux (Debian) server (DBMS/SCM)?
Shrink Windows partition to install Fedora 20
How can I open a window on a different monitor?
Check standard output of a background processs in real time
LAN only VNC setup
What command do I use to see the start and end block of a file in the file system?
How to implement logwatch functionality on top of systemd journal?
Server socket location, startup and monitoring
How do I browse the internet from a Linux system masquerading it as a Windows or OSX system?
What's the easiest way to create a pre-built "image" of a Debian/Rasbian host?
Install to usb drive
Documentation: Architecture of Linux Session
How good is gnash as a replacement for flash?
Consequences of hard (unclean) shutdown of a Linux system
tor hidden_services on linux live usb
How to force executable to link dynamic library
Centos Email Server Unable to Send Email
Bash RANDOM with seed?
Unable to start hostapd with Alfa card (Atheros) on Raspbian Lite
Processing more than one type of field separator in single file
Determine which name service created entry in database (eg passwd)?
How to know if a mysql user has all (or some) privileges on a certain DB?
What package do I need to install to get PDF support in the Lyx document processor?
Zapya and linux
Matching non-consecutive, numerical file names
Delete file with broken name
Bash if command doesn't finish in X time?
Why is my LUKS partition mounted without asking for a passphrase?
Alias grep quote usage
What is the difference between Ubuntu Mate and Linux Mint Mate?
How to change window decorations in GTK theme
BASH comparing strings/integers error
Drop packets with PREROUTING in iptables
Do I need GPU drivers on Linux in VirtualBox
Find with Regex, and specific Path
What happens when I try to change to a parent directory after it has been renamed?
Slackware 14.2 fresh install doesn't run lilo nor elilo at boot
How can I work around these permission problems?
`set -e` inside a bash function
How to make a bootabe pendrive (USB Drive) consisting of multiple os?
How to force xscreensaver-command -lock to blank immediately?
xauth is unable to write to my .Xauthority file
Debian cdrom has unsigned repository
How to get the finger print reader working on Fedora 27
Login through command line in Debian Stretch
Mounting a docker external volume directory as a host (lvm) partition, will this work?
How to move windows between displays in KDE-KWin
Vim - how to increase each number in visual block?
Tracking which files are used by program
remove content of directory in elegant way
SMTP connectivity issue in Zenoss ("Connection unexpectedly closed")
How to control an interactive shell (e.g. vim) from another machine?
Match keys with regex in jq
Radeon GPU not found after kernel upgraded to CentOS 7.5 - "[AMD/ATI] display unclaimed"
RHEL: Nautilus terminal is installed but still doesn't show up in the context menu options to open sh files
Number of elements/words in a shell array variable
What is "cooked mode" wifi monitoring?
Separate DNS configuration in each network namespace
Linux Mint: removing files via UI does not always delete the file icon from directory
Is there any alternate method to install phpmyadmin in phytec board other than using 'sudo apt-get install phpmyadmin'?
What is the closest for `cp` to `rsync -a`?
Why does not "ldd /usr/bin/firefox" list library files?
How can htop be used to suspend a process and all its child processes?
Cloning hard drive using the dd utility
/etc/security/limits.conf not applied
RHEL auditd rules -D
What are the costs of increasing `/proc/sys/fs/inotify/max_user_watches` value?
NFS: Very slow unmount when rebooting/shutting down
How to customize the prompt for root?
suid script not working correctly
Fluxbox keyboard layout keys shortcut problem
Is ';;' a chaining operator in Unix? How does it work?
What are functions to manipulate sparse files under Linux?
Revise users which have default /bin/bash shell setting
Find local processes starting TCP connections
How do I confirm 1000 Mbps link speed in DD-WRT?
How to transcode audio of video with ffmpeg?
How can I enable Trash feature in a NTFS partition with permissions?
Curl parallel download file list
puppet resource dependency
Use first available number from a file
Terminal says command not found on start
Hide the Docky launcher (from that very dock) in Ubuntu-Xenial-based Linux
Git commit using stdout from bash?
LUKS with USB key authentication, how secure is it?
What is the he most efficient /secure manner for users to log into Linux servers using SSH keys?
Bash shell script to remove a guid within a filename
List Number of Exact Strings in a File
Unexpected indentation behaviour when I set the terminal to raw mode – why is this happening?
Mplayer/ SMPlayer general playing speed in Ubuntu
Keep LXPanel on top in Openbox
Connect two Networks on same computer
Windows/Linux dual boot full disk encryption
Hard disk not going to standby automatically
Run command on same-name files from multiple directories
How does the following network configuration differ on eth0?
What is the reason that configure file is required for uninstalling an application installed via configure, make and make install?
How to move swap near the beginning of the hard drive
oh-my-zsh can't guess correct command
End pipe when program returns more than 1 line
Centos 7 Apache doesn't load .php file?
Unable to install new OS
rsync of sparse qemu image increases disk size
Running code without ssh in beaglebone black
Wifi dongle doesn't detect networks on kali linux VM
How to use awk command to calculate the date difference between two columns in the same file?
How to get Bluetooth working on Arch Linux?
How to compare two dates in script to check expiration
wlan0 No such device found
audit2allow asks for a path when setting up nginx
How can I get system information from the command line?
How can I find information about the package management software in the linux (unix) systems, in particular in cloud?
Find the process is in cache or buffer
Preserve spacing and newline characters while using 'subshell' method
Unable to redirect output in FreeBsd
Replace the string as $test
Pass variable to a string in a shell file
How to verify that ssh certificate was signed by specified ssh CA private key?
How do I get only the PID, without any extra information, of a process running on port 3000?
Get all available frequency steps
Making udev rule for bluetooth keyboard
Logrotate does not work for httpd service
Getting the current path in .desktop EXEC command
Restricting GNU‑Make to POSIX Make behaviour
Source path of loop-device
search and replace string
Persistent drive block usind udev
How to reboot/shut down gracefully in Awesome WM?
Are missing/broken dependencies on OpenSUSE normal?
Will incron's IN_CREATE event give me a blank file?
How to encrypt data in Linux while leaving access for certain app
Nouveau power management with Nvidia Tesla graphics
Iptables not forward traffic
How to turn off a USB drive when samba is not using it [Raspberry PI]
Linux 2.6.36.4, GCC 4.7.2, getting lots of "variable set but not used" warnings
Keep getting the same result after "export PATH"
Run command based on output of another command
How can I investigate what other users are currently logged in?
reorder GRUB to list Windows on top
Cannot connect to internet after changing MAC Address
Bash while loop search and replace using sed
how to delete the gateway address in Ubuntu?
1 User. 2 Acounts, 2 Passwords
Format & display an interval with fractional seconds in shell
Xmonad starting on screen other than 1
Search and replace a pathname in Linux using sed
How to know when the package was updated in the repository
How to give a program an additional name/label for search?
arp-scan shows machines, but I can't ping some of them
Prevent automatic EOFs to a named pipe, and send an EOF when I want it
Ubuntu 16.04 minimal - extremely slow internet connection
How to make $((5/2)) deliver a floating point number?
Keyboard LEDs versus Laptop LEDs
Printing columns with specific pattern and all values
How to debug: tar: A lone zero block
Does dd do any kind of verification?
Turn off Caps Lock when a modifier key - other than Shift - is pressed
zsh apt list options completion
Ansible Task Creates option issue
set compression level with nice and tar
Open a port for bittorrent transmission
FullHD lcd monitor read as 1024x768 CRT, wrong resolution problem
Windows anti-virus and anti-malware available on Linux?
Compiling a kernel on a different system
cups problem with embedded buildroot
awk script to identify incorrect sequence of words
How to use crontab and mutt to execute a command and mail its output?
Special characters in alias
python one liner + compare numbers
How to match string with regexp and conditionally do stuff with capture groups
Logitech controller not passing into Centos virtual machine as joystick
compare file size between two identical non sparse files while copying
Extract highest day from time-stamp date within a filename
How to display an image with mplayer?
mount.cifs without put user password again
How to revert to old source address selection
How to grep in real time an output containing a progress bar?
How to resolve systemd (code=exited, status=227/NO_NEW_PRIVILEGES)?
Can't get past 1024x768 resolution [Intel Graphics XORG] [Debian Jessie Mate environment]
Using sed in shell script with multiline variables
Slackware cifs mount - how to control permissions?
x2go with multiple remote monitors
Override TTL Setting External DNS Records
application/window switcher on xubuntu/xfce: group windows by application
Linux Memory: Discrepancy for Buffers+Cache between /proc/meminfo and free?
Does using the guest account in Ubuntu help for Spectre and Meltdown protection?
What's the right way to quote $(command $arg)?
Remove files without string in name
Simplifying a sed expression to save a portion of a line from a file into a variable (bash)
How do I add a regular expression in a path that is to be searched
Why is sed failing to follow collate order?
error starting tigervnc-server code 98 - fedora27
Move/transform everything from pwd into subdirectory while archiving with tar
Color Variables on figlet!
How can I clone/backup/restore Windows 10 from Linux?
echo c > /proc/sysrq-trigger doesn't reboot the system
Listing users prior to linux login prompt
GNU GRUB on boot
FirewallD Drops Docker Packets
Slow Write Speed(<2 MB/s) on Unencrypted and LUKS Encrypted ext4 filesystems using mdadm Software RAID1 Debian 8 Dell PowerEdge T330 Server
Expand a variable whose value contains an option and a pathname with whitespaces
Changing MySQL Temporary File - Permissions Error
Why does cut not work here as expected with the delimiter?
Install python on an embedded device
Get one thing from a line and concatenate it with one thing from another line
How to update FreeBSD without freebsd-update when the source cannot be compiled?
How to use DNF to find out package versions available in a different release of Fedora?
combine files that share a similar characters
Debian Grub - display a splash image/animation for the entire course of the boot (similar to KUbuntu)?
using a graphical application on Ubuntu 18.04 with root rights
Query unread emails count from Thunderbird via terminal
ALSA - Sound stopped working in Arch for USB sound card after upgrading KDE from 5.7 to 5.14
Move all but one sub-folder into that sub-folder
Make systemd debug shell usable again
Can not install npm
How Do I Find The Mobile Provider From 4G Dongle?
Rename a template when creating it
Upload file to Google Docs with a script
terminal GNOME lost scroll, how to back normal?
Why does crc32 say some of my files are 'BAD'?
Launch default terminal emulator by command
Why my simple script vim don't work for tab character?
Is a file creation mask setted by a given shell's umask is typically unique to the operating system entirely or just to that given shell?
FreeBSD telnet does not take root login
Ctrl-a does not take me to the beginning of the prompt while I am working within a GNU screen
How to prevent killing the X server with CTRL+C using bash traps?
Correct way to mount a hard drive
iptables and logs
Detecting X session in a bash script (.bashrc etc.)
Why doesn't /etc/udev/rules.d/70-persistent-net.rules exist on virtual machines?
file still read-only after a mount --bind from a rw partition
ssh with identical machines
How to scp/tar files that are in between specific days?
Run a command at a certain time in cygwin
can something besides the shebang set the interpreter?
bash if statement behaviour question
What does mean ` AWK=@AWK@` in shell scripting
Delete XML node containing certain element
Optimizing sed command or create new one
How do I install Fedora 18 without SELinux?
How do I scan for invalid characters on gedit?
Should I be worried? Segfaults reported in syslog when merging LVM snapshot (reverting the original back to the snapshot)
Nexenta (Solaris), strange user membership from LDAP
How to find out out WHEN an user account was locked
what is pts/0 and (:0.0) in linux when typing who am i
iptables LOG only once
Linux mint: how to add applications to taskbar in second monior
parsing using loop and assigning row numbers to file
Save the matches of grep as an array
Bourne to grep and forward specific text from across a LAN
Copy files that are created today without FIND command and SFTP to another server
How to find files their names, name of files are in one file?
Shell to do action, when someone visited my webpage
How to change dropdown color in Firefox on Ubuntu?
binding key shortcuts to shell functions in zsh
Cannot access internet from VirtualBox guest (Arch Linux)
grep on interactive program
Can I change how zsh autocomplete works?
Add a driver module to embedded linux
How to tell if a character special file would block if read from
Difference between set variable "value" and set variable value?
perform ping test to change dns
rsync: error starting client-server protocol
wget hangs AFTER download complete, on exit_group
Equivalent of pvmove for BTRFS
What makes the shell interpret these redirects as follows?
Net-SNMP over TCP?
Running a Script as Soon as a Network Interface is Detected as Active
Archlinux installation problem
Using setfacl to allow group members to write to any file in a directory
USB copy hangs for a while when reach the 100%
Can I disable unattended Debian package updates?
Fixed terminal status lineS instead of shell prompt?
How to make CD-quality WAV files using avconv?
Library for audio effects and modulation?
How can I force a Ubuntu kernel to fail mounting / and drop into the initramfs rescue shell?
Where to configure which password sudo needs
Setting up surround sound with optical out
ext3 root filesystems goes read-only with aborted journal even after repairs
Command in a variable
USB-Serial Driver(Exar Xr21v1414) Run Error
text color settings in emacs
emacs line wrapping and numbering
wireless interface stops working, netcfg reports no network found
How should man pages be installed?
How can I make monodevelop render text in KDE?
How can I configure dnsmasq to resolve based on the source of the request?
gstreamer: no element >>x264enc<<
bash script that shows mysql innodb log file size
How can I add PAM functionality in netkit-rsh-0.17
Filtering a file on a string
Why autoconf.h is not copied automatically to its place?
Select lines starting with specific numbers
Kali Linux: Cursor not showing
udev .rules not running script
How, on ubuntu, to run as a service / run under supervision
How can I fix "insserv: There is a loop between service mountnfs and nfs-common if started" in Debian wheezy?
Linux cut command with -f1
putting headers back after awk command
Recovering a LUKS partition
Google Hangouts chrome extension transparency issue in Linux Mint?
parse one field from an JSON array into bash array
Directory .ssh problem
In smartctl output, what does LifeTime(hours) mean?
What is the meaning of the directory specified by '//'?
rsync's --link-dest option does not link because of file time
SSH not giving indication that the public key is being used for login
exit status and no output
Sudo User: Not able to see the home directory of other users
How can I set a folder undeletable but have R/W permissions to it's content
Getting the -exec option in find to work
What does `date 2&>$0` do?
Prepending text read from a file on the top of another file
BeatsAudio Driver for Linux using laptop model HP Envy M6
How to convert date format in file
Openbox Syntax Error in ~/.config/openbox/rc.xml
i3wm dmenu add .desktop file
cannot assign ip address from dhcp
What is "silent flag" for mount?
How to search '/>' with sed
How does DAEMON(3) work? Run as background process
Problem with Bind9 initial configuration
Get values for a given key and its parent with jq
I am unable to start my Kali Linux
How to disable ALT + HOME shortcut? Linux Mint 18
keep dvd entry in sources.list during preseeded debian9.5 install
Can't access files from within makefile
ksh keybind trap
double check remove on a wildcard
Is there a way to set "permissions" on PulseAudio controls?
Intepretation of -x and -a flags in ps command
Process state characterization in output of ps command
rxvt-unicode some colors missing on CentOS 7
Rejecting TCP packets from certain IP on network using iptables
How to rename files pulled from a list of files using a single command or line
Changing qdisc algorithm sysctl and tc
Can't create partition table using fdisk
Embed ascii diagram in groff?
How do I comment out the following block of code?
Linking with GCC doesn't detect -fPIC flag
Why do I need to restart OS after some package upgrade?
How can we generate the session token in aws
How to configure systemd so that PHP can use memcached unix socket?
How to solve error of missing destination file operand after '/sdcard/ngrok/ngrok ' in termux
Return the index of an element which matches a value
changing wifi password over SSH on wifi-only headless server
What does it take to run 64-bit userland software on a 32-bit kernel?
Swap partition and swap file at the same time?
Linux Repository Error
Loop Device eat up RAM
Can I duplicate an input file descriptor and use it for writing data?
Not able to login in Linux Mint
Can able to install Linux Headers (Kali Linux)?
Is it safe to add i386 architecture if I am using 64bit?
Any bash magic to reference the previously typed parameter?
How to constantly change IP to avoid getting blacklisted by website for crawling?
How can I tell `apt-get update` to download only one file at a time?
Random "connection refused" using SCP commands in a script
Hard disk Won't Mount
Timidity running and hogging one core of my CPU
xpra not working after upgrading debian
Live USB does not boot
The use of multiple sed statements on the command line
Edit several lines from a certain section of an INI file
LightDM says "Password Incorrect" sometime while it isn't
Append multiple lines, specified as verbatim bash variable, after a matched line in file?
Authorization issues after killing Xorg
Proxy Server on FreeBSD is rejecting connections
Increasing resolution of CentOS VM
Variable blank when used in if statement but not echo
Why is Timidity taking up all processing power of one core
Any way to be notified of EXT4 errors when mounted with "errors=continue"
Set up a proxy for Simplenote
dump directory data to a file for new/modified comparison later on a linux server
How to enter ubuntu, why forget my gurb password?
Convert character encoding to UTF-8 in a .csv file
Routing on Centos 7.3 to Internet
Any way to send just "\n" in Telnet?
Multi-arch bin directories
How to generate a hotspot that does not requires password?
Script that removes undesired characters from variable
Can I hide the fact that my USB is LUKS encryted?
Dpkg returns odd errors
Unbind GPU while system is running
recover last state of full lvm snapshot
Stable IPv6 address on Fedora
Making ISO_Level5_Shift work
MySQL install aborts with error
Use find result without ./
How can I configure grub (or a different bootloader) to use modifier keys?
Why are bash_completion scripts persistently in environment?
Prompt for confirmation for every command
Open multiple files in Vim with a filelist
Linux not finding Serial Ports
Logout user with systemd
Live diff-mode editing in vim
Command 'date +FORMAT' — What are %a, %A, %b, etc. called?
Is it possible to affect the behavior of all vim commands in normal mode?
What do I need to do to allow a shell script to run 'mount' and 'umount' without sudo?
sddm slow to launch
Does sudo only apply to a simple command?
Reset ifindex number assignment
How to force 60 Hz in 1366x768 despite kernel bug after kernel 4.13?
How to stop nagios from initially pulling a report?
De-prioritize ld.conf.so.d library path resolution
Kubernetes tiller pod dying issue
Does `--link-dest` of `rsync` only take an absolute pathname?
How to switch drivers from radeon to amdgpu?
Is each `time` in these examples a keyword or `/usr/bin/time`?
High latency with dnscrypt-proxy
What is it called when you use a subshell to make sure temporary variables from a command are not left hanging around?
Simple utility to measure web site latency or user experience?
Find largest files in a directory - Taking lot of time
Display blank lines by cat command
High inode usage of nfs mount
Does the time field in a csv exported nagios XI State History Report represent the last time a service was checked for that time period in the report?
loadlocale.c _nl_intern_locale_data assertion error
Extracting 2 dates from log file with specific patterns and compare the 2 dates
Correct way of building variable length argument line to external command in bash
I get error when I want to execute my program from /home
How to add an environment variable for all (nologin and login shell) users in debian
Can’t boot RPM distros from usb or DVD
How to change color of any IP address in iterm?
mount.cifs version 6.4 error(5): Input/output error
Is it possible to declare a regulator in the device tree that can power down the system
Formatting columns of an output text
Sharing SSH Keys to login?
Why are some emoji B&W and others too big?
Build Ansible inventory based on server variables
Increase Linux partition with unused Windows partition space on dualbooot system
Debian 9: USB-volumes are not displayed in PCManFM-Qt's sidebar
How to get background and foreground color values from xrdb in shell script?
How can I execute scripts based on changes that are happening on a specific folder?
how to read a nul-terminated-string from a binary file
How to install HTML5/JavaScript to Netbeans?
LibreOffice becomes unresponsive and overloads my CPU when Copying and Pasting text
how to disable the "CSRF protection " in jenkins by default
Playing with network interfaces in C/C++
systemd, send an email after restart
Bind - Configure different Forwarders only for Specific Domains CDNs (eg. Wetransfer, Cloudflare, Amazon AWS)
Is there a maintainable way to install a recent version of phpMyAdmin on Ubuntu 18.04
cat output in the case of if else statement
ldd equivalent which fail when library not found
Filesystem in RAM that swaps to disk after a specified size
Does NFS requires a directory with full permission in order to share with other clients?
sed: replacing entries in the /etc/fstab
Trying to perform two operations on a single huge source file to gain performance
Error building virtualbox pci-passthrough kernel module - what went wrong?
Apache systemctl start httpd failed
PPTP server how to add shared secret key
Rename Root folder directory - I've managed to rename folder structure to my name by mistake
How to mount a partition's subdirectory for /var/log/journal?
How to remove entire array that have specific character
Synchronise passwords across devices with pass
Building custom RPM with boolean BuildsRequires and Requires
Specifying virtualenv correctly in uwsgi.conf
Detect if mouse button is pressed, then invoke a script or command
Auto detect new files and upload them
Autocompletion and coloring not working, when using ssh in emacs shell
802.11ac Support in Fedora 20 (or any latest linux distro)
Deluge crashes when deleting a torrent
Running 'diff 'command after the 'find' command
Simulating READLINE_LINE in Bash < 4.0
Two "Audio codecs" have 100% power usage in PowerTOP - what does this mean?
How do I automate file permission on files transferred from Windows to AIX to inherit AIX Directory Permissions
How to find out what enclosure a disk belongs to?
How to avoid terminal exit when a startup tmux session detached
How can I find the chipset of my Arduino board?
Any hope of recovering a missing vim .swp file?
Why find -name DIR -exec rm -rf {} + does not remove directories
Want “tree” output utf8
Does bash makes the terminal translates a newline (\n) to a carriage return (\r)?
How to make an auto clicker with global start and stop key
Weird wrong encoding displayed at systemd booting
How to translate modifier + key(control + space) into another modifier(shift)?
Mounting a IDE DVD writer in Fedora Linux
My computer cannot browse connected to a specific wireless point only, but others work
Why do the following two ways of showing environment variables of current shell differ?
Remove all log files except current log file
How to convert a JSON file into a different format
how to separate values with comma as delimiter
dnsmasq not available from network namespace at first
Converting unix epoch timestamp column in every row using sed or awk
Why isn't `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` a builtin environment variable of Bash?
Make a program start on booting
Delete lines containing the pattern and the line before
bash shell mkdir{x..y} with variables
Network error: in RHEL 6.6 while doing yum install
gdb doesn't step into function although source is available
How to encrypt a file which is on a server
Installiing XV on windows using cygwin
cifs mounted folder keeps disconnecting (ubuntu server)
Using scp with Passwords
In HP-UX, how do you write a C program using PKCS#11 api?
How to automate similar commands to multiple servers via SSH?
Relation between write and filesystem blocksize in SSD disks on Apple
How can I move all `marked` files to another directory in ranger?
How to get more informations about this device?
How to encrypt a file on remote system and encrypted file should be saved directly in local system
Switch 3 keyboard layouts with 2 key combinations
Lync2013 + Pidgin Error:Web ticket request
How to specify memory region for ramdrive
Grep for dates older than 14 days in a file
Open Port 25 CentOS 6 with Plesk
How to slow down the scrolling of multipage standard output on terminal?
Finding edited system files
dd no such file or directory
Reinstaling NSS library on CentOS (Amazon AMI)
Debian Wheezy: reinstall apache2
run gvfs-mount as user in a script owned by root for networkmanager dispatcher
All USB devices that were connected, EVER
Change tmux pane title to current folder name
Why is a duplicate file sometimes created after editing a file?
What happens when a new hardware is connected for first time in Linux?
Network Manager user-side dispatcher scripts
Randomly select a line in every block of N lines
Is multi-line alignment possible with tput?
How to find out BIOS scheme?
Disconnected block device remains in /dev/, sync commands unkillable
passing and setting variables in a heredoc
Is it possible to get NixOS's GRUB to properly start Arch Linux?
Check number of columns and move file accordingly
Create an example script that launch into graphical interface, to test auto start on boot
What would go wrong if i move /var from one machine to another?
What is the file location of GNOME favorites?
Changing directory of logs
How best to troubleshoot a source package configure script?
mdbtools fatal error: sql.h when installing
xfce4 Event Sounds
Finding capabilities of wifi driver/device?
Alsa: get audio from specific Input to specific Output stream for monitoring
Wifi Networks not Listed - CentOS 7
Show entered password with geli
How to properly configure routes so SSH listens on private interface and apache listens on public
Local machine libraries when cross compiling
if: Expression Syntax
Generating PS1 in bash function
How to display the command and avoid code injection
How to check the process along with its arguments in process list?
How to create a custom keyboard-shortcut for renaming files on CentOS?
Can change monitor resolution of a SyncMaster SA850 and Intel HD graphics
glxinfo does not see environmental variables?
ERROR: cube viewer is not available!
What do the characters y/d/N mean?
Myth or reality: SELinux can confine the root user?
Granting all users access to mounted CIFS shares
Installing OpenJDK 7 (JRE) but only policytools found in ./jre/bin
How to add a function to .bash_profile/.profile/bashrc in shell?
rearranging from colum to row in a csv
WiFi USB stick not recognised by BeagleBone Black
Driver not showing in /sys/bus tree
preseed.cfg ignoring hostname setting
Disabling mirror option in preseed.cfg
What's the problem with fsck.ext3?
What does the line $(rpm -E %fedora) mean?
Firefox or Chromium command-line arguments to set fullscreen and control start page
TCSH bitwise | operator
What software allows the change of runtime-environment, while keeping the same kernel running?
Arch Linux: Strange version mismatch when trying to install UWSGI with pacman. Is this common / trivial?
auditing of symlink/symlinkat syscalls doesn't work here
What does the "@" (at) symbol mean on OSX ls?
How to change the width of remote serial console?
Processing two files using awk
Name of "notified by" resource from "notified" resource in puppet
How to connect Ubuntu 13.10 to TV via HDMI?
How do services in Debian work, and how can I manage them?
Shorewall "ERROR: Ordinary users may not start the /etc/shorewall configuration" in Cygwin
USB flash drive mounts and unmounts automatically
Detect process if not found then run it
How do I dual-boot 2 (or more) Linux distributions with gummiboot and UEFI?
How to run a command that involves redirecting or piping with sudo?
udev GROUP and MODE assignments on symbolic link have no effect
How to check the life left in SSD or the medium's wear level?
Is a -rw-rw-rw- file really inaccessible inside a drwxrwx--- directory?
Securely viewing an encrypted file
How do I make dnsmasq obey the order of servers in resolv.conf
Print certain fields of each line until a marker is encountered, then print whole lines till the end of file
Formatting ps output based on given parent/child processes
Can tmpfiles.d remove files based on time only (but not at boot)?
Empty trash in ubuntu
How to solve CentOS 7.5 LiveUSB kernel panic at boot on new PC (Gigabyte Z390 w/ Intel Core i9-9900K)
How to receive files by bluetooth via command line headless?
Tail with case statement is not working properly
Shut up a kernel error or avoid it by configuring Prometheus Node Exporter
RAM usage extremely high even without anything running?
Route (docker) container traffic through IPSec
Overlapping shortcut keys in Manjaro
How to clone a hdd or raid live?
How to set debian 9/10 and putty to show utf-8 chars?
store `cat` output as a placeholder
Prevent systemd from writing to syslog each time it starts the same service
Get files from SFTP server and manipulate in memory
Read the current IP address from the filesystem?
How to install evince on CentOS Linux release 7.0.1406
two NICs in the same subnet-- need to set up routing
What's overwriting my apt sources files?
How do I keep running a command in the same area of the console window? ("w")
can i get imap access using just postfix and mailx?
Separate filename and path inside find command's -exec option
How to use Cut and Grep command to find data separated by ":"
Is there something similar to the Notepad++ session workflow?
rsync does not return on error
what is the purpose of cp -s?
How can I examine RUNLEVEL from a bash script on Rasbpian?
Dynamically Source Bash & Profile Files Across Multiple Enviornments
Compiling Asterisk on Debian: Cannot Find `ptlib-config`
how is cp -f different from cp --remove-destination?
How are runlevels from CentOS 6 chkconfig translated for CentOS 7 systemctl?
How do I view cp1251 text file in UTF-8 console?
Unable to listen or use microphone in Skype
Samba giving “Function not implemented” error
Why can't I install nmap?
Fiddling with locale so that weeks start on Monday
Install PHP GMP on Manjaro
How to fully disable IPv6 in LXD containers with systemd-networkd
Grep omits matchs in a paragraph with several occurence of a pattern
Pasteconfigured string on any window
Is it posible to automatic change password for a synology user everyday?
Why ssh require a password?
Replace text in between certain pattern in UNIX
How to build hddimg for i.mx7
Linux Bridge (brctl) not passing the traffic
Aren't There a Maximum Recommended Size Of Given Home Partition?
Preventing users from sudo'ing to the root user
Grub menu taking too long to appear
Installing Proprietary Windows Drivers on Linux
How to set PATH to symlinked directory in bash csh
How do I enforce all commands (including many parrallel commands) in a script to run on a specifc few cores?
Xbindkeys: Execute command in current terminal
Adding channel numbers to an M3U playlist
Ubuntu Server 19.04 systemd service for PixArk
MySql Community Server port changing
How can I scroll down in iftop?
Where to check ntp related logs on Sun Solaris?
Understanding retry value in Apache Load Balancer Configuration
Determine signal quality or signal strength through hostapd or iw
merge two image folders
Partition system id FDISK
Is that possible to know the user that installed a spcify package?
How to find which version of Java in Java installed folder?
Setting env variable through script on current session
Can I set a resource limit for the current process tree?
Substitution with Regular Expressions in gedit
TLSv1.2 support in CentOS 5.8
How to find unallocated disk partition with parted or another tool?
kill -9 not working from bash script but works in console
Is it possible to not escape double quotes and get the right json format?
Compiling Transmission-GTK torrent client on Linux Mint 18
how to switch to another user with password in shell script
Hosting Jenkins and Web App on tomcat server at the same time
Multiple virtual host in Centos 7 is not working together
mutt: thread sorted by last activity, but mails sorted chronologically
Linux Mint Volume Buttons Past 100%
libgstapp-1.0.so.0 is not an ELF file
OpenSSL Padding Oracle vulnerability with latest openssl 1.1.0c
Is it possible to transport any device over TCP?
solaris 11 zone sysconfig profile for ipmp
yum dependency for update
Trace apache server activity for a specific http request
Usb run script when plugged in ubuntu different pc
Is it possible to enable an SELinux boolean in a policy module?
SSH and SCP piggyback ubuntu machine for a new user
How to loop through variables
unison -addversionno Received unexpected header from the server
How to pass very many options to ImageMagick?
outputting 2 positions from same file into script and then echo
ed print the next n lines as succinctly as possible
sed: extract lines until unmatched pattern
second keyboard to run commands
How to know who accessed a file or if a file has 'access' monitor in linux
Search and replace with sed
Grub won't boot Arch Linux
Xorg Server Failing to Startup
Extracting nested zip files
How to convert a PDF file to a DVD movie?
After fork(), where does the child begin its execution?
How to open multiple files from `find` output?
Why should a user program mess with kernel space?
Sync writes very slow. Ubuntu 10.10, 32 bits, ext4
What specific vulnerabilities am I creating by disabling the sudo password?
How to calculate the volume of data transferred between two Unix machines
Which GUI svn client allows searching through history?
What is a Superblock, Inode, Dentry and a File?
How to make Fedora user a sudoer?
How to set visudo to use a different editor than the default on Fedora?
How do I copy DVDs
Why is the printer reversing black and white?
Delete from cursor to end of line in `vi`
Reply on same interface as incoming?
Is gnu coreutils sort broken?
Activating WiFi in Fedora
Access to original contents of mount point
Why do we use "./" (dot slash) to execute a file in Linux/UNIX?
Is PowerVM a full operating system? (And other clarifications.)
How can produce an "installer" in Linux?
New to unix, Where should i start?
How do I autostart an application in Gnome when a volume is mounted?
How to shut down the computer after a task has been completed?
iptables-restore just says “FAILED”
Magazine publishing software with RTL support
What does aux mean in `ps aux`?
use search result in replace statement with vim substitute
Doubts about creating a .Xresources file.
uninstalling iceweasel with apt-get autoremove
How can I find out a file's range of LBA's using its inode?
How do you get descriptions of the available `shopt` options?
What network interface does Linux route traffic through by default?
What is the relationship of inodes, LBA, Logical Volumes, blocks, and sectors?
how to force X mouse pointer to show above rendered application cursor?
How do I use unused partition in a dual boot environment
Adjust font size in multi-head setup with different resolutions
Always display Energy Applet?
Can I expand one window over two virtual desktops on KDE?
Application on server crashes when accessed via browser - after full system upgrade
Why disable xntpd slew?
Prevent grep from exiting in case of nomatch
for loop executes in a weird way
Restore directory to previous state
How to encrypt the ffmpeg output when generating video chunks?
Enabling Hugepages at boot time on centos 7
GRUB disregards config file
Different number of "strings" (for loops"
Is there some memory leak in Mint 16? Or else what is this?
Sort all directories based on their size
How to make GTK application use the theme options configured in the GNOME Tweak Tool (and not the KDE's GTK configuration) when I'm under GNOME?
Continue for loop by keyboard
Unable to set capability CAP_SETFCAP by user
What is the best way to check if file has changed in Bash and keep 15 last copies of it?
Using a variable inside a sequence of commands in bash to supplement an existing string - syntax error or flawed design?
Linux installation stuck at the start up because of nvidia graphic cards
Yum on CentOS 7 repositories may be broken
How can I know the max possible transmit power of my wireless card?
Creating Menu list and Executing the Task
Extract window to another session in tmux
Locate doesn't work with LOCATE_PATH environment variable
SUSE: How to completely uninstall apache2 on machine
Shell script to execute other script not spawning other scripts
Remove tabs from data within double quotes
updatedb is generating an incomplete list of files
kcompactd high CPU usage
How can you figure out which program/process is creating a file?
Ignore child cpu when reaping (don't add to /proc/[pid]/stat cutime)
What is /etc/mtab in Linux?
How do I open the current directory in a new tab?
Substring without removing field character
Renaming files with the same name when moving them
Finding performance bottlenecks on Red Hat server hosting KVMs with QEMU?
Did Red Hat end the developer subscription program?
Comparing two files
How to delete unwanted programs in fatdog64 800 to release space?
Laptop does not enter suspend state when lid is closed
Slow down requeue interval for ssmtp.conf
Prevent applications from changing alsamixer capture levels
apt packages without manual pages
Identifying shell script's subshell number from within a script itself
How can i check if a number is higher or lower then another number?
Can I install binary only drivers in Gentoo Linux?
wpa_supplicant returns "Could not read SSID from driver"
Use make with more
Easy free Solaris-like development VM
Getting sector number from inode or address_space mapping
What certificate format does /usr/local/share/ca-certificates accept?
file formatting using awk
adding contents with multiple files using awk, sed or grep
systemd: Retrying a timer
Why do I need 'exec' if 'while read' can open a 'File Descriptor'
Why does the solaris-8 "scadm shownetwork" command show a different IP address that the one that is actually configured?
RHEL6: system default font
Fast Way to Randomize HD?
how to use syslog to avoid log file being garbled when multiple proceses are trying to write to the same log fille?
Check if folder is a mounted remote filesystem
Can I `ls` all files in a directory from "1", "2",...,"9", "10", "11", ..., "20", "21", ...?
Syntax of DISPLAY=:0 unity --replace or DISPLAY=:0 compiz --replace
'df' command doesn't list /home directory
How to troubleshoot failed X11 forwarding with ssh?
Download files and create same file structure as the source
emacs auto indentation
Android - what's the permission difference on normal and rooted devices
Linux VMWare player installation "VMs are running" error
Kali Linux 1.1.0a doesn't boot from USB
Application [AWS CLI] Command shortcuts are not working globally
Stat working in Bash 4.3 but not in Bash 3.2?
Getting xmonad to show name of current workspace in xmobar
How to Stop Windows going below Task Manager / Panel on Fedora 21?
How to copy recursively and change file names to be unique
Recovering a lost file in Solaris 5.10
Linux kernel build : shouldn't make <manufacturername>defconfig yield the same .config file?
tar ignoring "newer" option
Some features are not working in my ASUS laptop with Ubuntu
LPR or CUPS print to Airprint printer
How to call in a kernel level function in user space
Catfish Search in Thunar doesn't work in Xfce
Which shell is used in GNU Make files?
rsync filter based on an intermediate directory name
tarring in parallel
Syntax of GTK applications' configuration files in ~/.config
Execute CURL command only once in script?
Is there way to force Linux to unswap when there is low CPU usage?
How to prevent Google Chrome from circumventing the default browser settings?
Edit tilda config files while running tilda
rsyslogd taking up all my drive space, only when the service is started
udev+udisks2: udisksctl gives 'Error looking up object for device'
Booting off raid'ed > 2GB drives, btrfs, handling bios boot partition
Change PS1 color when connected to other host via SSH
SSH Connection Timed Out
How to use a SMB URL with user/userid that contains an @ symbol?
Not all shell scripts working with crontab
Difference between MTU for a route and MTU for an interface
How to compile shared library on AIX
Httpd service suddenly stopped
Execute only if it is a bash function
.PHONY all rules in GNU make file?
Serve mail for multiple domains on a single server?
Does hpdarm -Y suffice to stop IO on my hard drive?
curl hangs after client hello
Why does commenting out this line in a shell script (using pdftk) cause problems?
Is there a whoami to find the current group I'm logged in as?
What is Memory Technology Device?
i get errors in SSLSTRIP and no username password
I'm unable to mount a btrfs partition
How can mouse support be enabled in terminal Emacs?
What happens if I block ssh connection from any IP address?
Rsyncing files without taking into account change in timestamps
How to get informed about EVERY incoming ssh connection (e.g. with no remote command specified)
mysql error.log centralize logs
How to run command after entering postgres
What are the advantages of NAS distros in SOHO environment
apt-get install bluez only installing documentation
Dual Booting on HP laptop seems impossible due to HD partitioning
How to disable asking for root password while ejecting USB drives?
How to pipe a sample log message manually to logstash for processing
Sort & organize a huge heap of photos
How can I remap mouse buttons to modifier keys?
Pulseaudio broken on Arch: pa_stream_writable_size() failed: Connection terminated
gstreamer dependencies in HandBrake on fedora
How to setup network without wicd or NetworkManager?
treating web page like directory
Get lines matching a pattern in one file and put them into a second file matching the same pattern
Ubuntu 15.10 Desktop x86-64 Enabling manual login leads to "The system is running in low graphics-mode"
How to delete a line with a given word using SED function
Create a bootable Debian USB stick for PowerPC from Windows
Symbol lookup errors in (Qt?) dynamically linked libraries
How to set-up mac-like accents input on Linux?
Vim colorscheme background not filling terminal
PiGlow not working
Linux empty buffer cache command permission denied
IPTABLES is slow after adding '-A INPUT -j DROP' to rule list
Force fsck check after reboot with single command
Unable to backup data on DVD
Error while burning DVD
Is it possible to split file and append the pieces with same extension in one liner?
Bash - process substitution in chroot without /dev and /proc
Triangular 2d mesh linear image deformation
How can I list the changes that have been made in an apt repository (server side)
cat: /dev/ttyS0: Input/output error
Do I need to set SUID when I run a script as `sudo`?
nginx doesn't serve files
Cannot rsync from a list of files and folders
Kernel architecture vs OS architecture
Bash - Use automatic file descriptor creation instead of fifo
Redirect stdout and/or stderr to path in variable
Mutt trash not working with imap folder
Linux mint. Letters missing from title bar
Debian 9 with intel i7-8700
How to change language using command line on CentOS 7?
merge one text with another text and print to new one with change in one field
How to automate a keystroke to a cli terminal appilcation like ranger?
text based browser with javascript support
laptop trackpad won't work after sleep
LUKS partition destroyed, can't recover
Modify routing table route outbound packets (except ssh) through WiFi interface
Cannot find EFI directory: issue with grub-install
Why does exiting with a stored returncode of a nested command result in different returncodes in Dash and Bash?
display lines which start with many pattern
Upgrade a 32-bit RHEL installation to 64-bit
Python compile error on openSUSE: no module named wx
Why I cannot disconnect internet
Idiomatic way to kill -9 only if "graceful" way doesn't work?
Switchable graphics drivers installation on Linux Mint
Fonts in chromium
How to create a message box from the command line?
ISC DHCP Server - A Client's Uplink Is Not Working
Poorly performing java application vs poorly performing server
vnstat not updating
Why are aliases missing inside of bash command?
rsync specific directories
How do I Copy and Paste lines between a start and end keyword?
How to repair lost gpt partition table?
Fix dependencies without updating package?
How do I suppress the title bar and window decorations on a maximized window in Gnome 3.12?
How can I wrap this checking of variable set/unset into a function?
Copy files according the filename containing a future date in a specific format
Linux fails to boot on VirtualBox with 2 CPUs
Extract zip bundle into same file
Disable memcached TCP and UDP?
Console text red at boot (CentOS 7)
"No outputs have backlight property" but xorg.conf is configured and xbacklight is installed
How to change bash completion result coloring
How can I run a bash script from an absolute path versus a relative path
How shall I perform multiline matching and substitution using awk?
Unable to terminate a running program / application
ssh remote file execution is not working
Basic syntax explanation for variables in bashrc
BASH: search and open file from within vim
Using rename to rename files and directories
Binding to systemd device units of connected bluetooth devices
TightVNC logs 2nd user on as 1st user to Oracle Linux (RHEL)
Can binaries built from source be installed on a second machine?
Grep slow to exit after finding match?
Prevent xscreensaver from blacking on ubuntu 12.04 LTS / 16.04 LTS
Long system startup
iptables Forward port range on dd-wrt for proxmox vnc
Can I clear an env var during bash completion?
Transfer content of LVM block device ensuring consistency - LVM snapshot?
Copy All Files With Certain Length File Name
Listing line number of results in `find` and `ls`
Works in Bash but not ZSH? .... alias ls='ls -lh'
Cannot access website externally, while being able to access it internally
Why won't NVIDIA X Server Settings configuration save on reboot?
Login incorrect when trying to login to VSFTPD
Output is in console but not part of stdout or stderr
Converting SSH2 RSA Private Key to .pem using openssl
Sed command with ' special character
Unable to remove stale volume
Find out user logged in at specific time on Mac OS X 10.11.x
How to insert a string in array with different manner
substitute from beginning of line with 1 of multiple patterns to the end of another line with 2nd pattern
VM benchmark tools?
Building a custom xbmc distro with ubuntu
My Firefox shortens names of the files I download
Does `make install` overwrite files?
Mouse cursor 'frame rate' is slow, but only when logged into my main account
NAND flash memory wear & virtual memory page swap
how to perform git push using crontab
Why does ls sorting ignore non-alphanumeric characters?
Free Matlab equivalent for Linux
how to specify the forwarding port when using multiple tsocks services?
Battery management - are there differences between distros?
Editing a file without overwrite permission
ZSH host name completion behaviour change?
How to check if an application is running with a bash script
Linker errors when compiling against glib...?
Can't Get Synaptics Touchpad Disabled
How to install Microsoft True Type fonts for Centos 7?
Difference between ssh manually and in a script
clear apt-get list
How do I make grep list the count of matches before the filename?
Using grep for listing certain lines from a file
FreeBSD bootloader won't boot from the correct pool
Why http.conf Variations
How to build a RPM package?
What's the shortest way to find my WAN IP address at the command line?
How to get case statement to differentiate based on hours of day
WIndows 8.1 in hibernation on boot up can't install Linux
How do I transfer files over ssh and also change their permission on the remote server without having to log in twice
Mount USB flash drive to /media/<label>
Why is necesary to compile the entire kernel for a simple patch?
What is the difference between these two sets of command for configuring ACL permissions?
How to rename thousands of files efficiently?
error for installing Math module CDF in perl
How do I put a checksum in a script?
Pacemaker and iSCSi
Bridge does not get IP via DHCP at boot
How to combine & and &&?
Is field splitting and filename expansion turn off in RHS of variable assignment portable?
How does sudo -E work here?
Placing OpenSSH control socket in /run
automatic ssh connection with use the passphrase key
Using `perf` repeatedly with file input
Why doesn't `shutdown now` (with no other arguments) run init scripts?
How to commit a directory in CVS?
Is there any command in linux which will force linux machine to not shut-down
Sudoers - group managing and reboot/shutdown
Using Variable Int as positional arg [$($var) instead of $6]
How does KDE Konsole handle a SIGTERM?
How to pipe into zsh with alias expansion?
How to prevent APT from keeping packages I didn't install?
Securing Tomcat-Server where to set deployXML = false?
SH script is not running
Suspicious crontab entry running 'xribfa4' every 15 minutes
How do I remotely debug gnome-shell through gdb on Ubuntu 19.04?
PCI hardware access speeds - Kernel vs user space
DBMS access on files in linux
To take a screenshot of the screen or the window, using device pixel ratio (DPR), similar to Firefox's command, on Linux
how to start a new terminal with agetty (not systemd)
Cursor glitches while typing
Add Unknown Old Printer to Linux OS
configure and install tmux plugins automatically
-bash: uname: command not found
Run background command from bash script as autostart for i3wm
My RAID 1 always renames itself to /dev/md127 after rebooting | DEBIAN 10
Multiple VDI images for VM to one?
downgrade MariaDB 10.4 to MariaDB 10.1 on centos7
How to read from syslog using systemd service
zsh - How to run a script at leaf directories?
Configure PAM to ask for 2FA token even if password is incorrect
ssh & ftp time out. Activation of org.freedesktop.systemd1 timed out
"at" jobs stuck?
Keyboard shortcut in Nemo to open terminal in active folder
How to interpret ' character in a string passed through SSH
command-click git commit ID in Terminal, and be taken to that commit in github?
grub2-mkconfig doesn't show Windows
Scanning software not recognizing my Epson xp201 all in one
Using BASH to determine if X11 forwarding is enabled from SSH
How to update crontab for a user with a script without duplicating comments
Do I need to check for file corruption once scp is done?
Creating a virtual host
Running perf on a custom kernel that does not come with /tools or gcc
What does 'make localmodconfig' do?
Bulk move files back to where they came from
Mounting /tmp in another drive on RHEL 7.2 in AWS
Centos 7 i686 Log entries
How to quit GRUB2 pager early?
no arp entries for vnet
Safest way to add/extend partition on linux
Tmux displays "<xzy not ready>" in the status bar
Can I set a text color for the prompt or text I type to to be different from text generated. using bash konsole
Understanding Return, Enter, and stty icrlf
How can I refer to an awk field defined with an arbitrary expression?
Pipe Text Into and Out of Netcat Server Using mkfifo
In Linux what setup would allow striping data across multiple drives?
Shell Script can't run man command
Bash script: split word on each letter
permissions on ftp'd files don't seem to match umask
Keep getting error while trying to mount external HDD with LVM2 format, using Knoppix from live USB, please help
SATA link reset
Error installing @kde-desktop package in fedora 23
What is using 4GB of memory? (Not cache, not a process, not slab, not shm)
Understanding redirected if-statement in bash
How to start my own server as a service using systemd
How do I control what's mounted at Linux startup?
Why nvidia-smi's GPU so rarely reaches 100%?
How to display size "human-readable" in lsof | grep /var*
NixOS no login prompt in virtual terminals
Perform test of aes-ni and aes module in linux kernel
"tail -f | iconv -fsjis" does not output anything
How would I direct local(127.0.0.1) MySQL traffic to an external SQL server?
How do I prevent a program from playing sound?
360 degree scrolling with Apple Magic Mouse in Linux?
How to insert tab character in "dialog"?
what is inode for, in FreeBSD or Solaris
Where can PATH to Thunderbird be set in Ubuntu 10.04
Wait for Linux Mint 13 or install Linux Mint Debian version?
What's the currently recommended way to install node.js on Debian?
Enable root login from GUI
How can I make awk on Busybox treat the entire input with NULL character in between as a single record?
apply specific command for each git repository
Crontab Triple Redirect
Detach keyboard from the kernel
Override LDAP login shell for a specific user in RHEL
Explanation for mount -t and mkfs
Wheezy: how to actually blacklist ehci_hcd?
SFTP Modification time Permission denied when touching/updating files
Startup script doesn't work
greedy and lazy regular expressions (comprehension question)
Can entropy consumption at program start be prevented?
How do I resize a disk image device?
While setting up SFTP between *nix servers, is the intial handshake optional?
How to mount samba rw because everything fails
luksOpen: No key available with this passphrase
Is there any website having command line environment of Linux, for practicing commands?
can't update with this error messg
Which option of ls should be used for understanding metadata changes?
adding home directory after -M option
gdb not launching app
How to get the Installation path of binary and logic file in Daemon in Arch Linux
(Ab) use Apache as a proxy
Can you mount UFS partitions made in Solaris (Sparc) on Solaris (x86)?
How many reboots are required for updating Solaris 10 update 8 to update 10?
How to test whether Linux is running on a ThinkPad?
How to decrease ps aux output to a few lines?
line count on all the PHP scripts within my webroot with wc
How to manually uninstall urllib, urllib2, requests python packages?
Using more command
How to limit all tcp traffic to the network interface the session was initiated on?
Gedit: syntax highlighting of echoing self-closing XHTML tags in JavaScript in PHP
Restoring an open file
Giving PHP permission to write to files and folders
Adding two default gateways in Debian interfaces file
stderr redirection not working in csh
Using Awk To Parse Individual Lines
PGP words of an RSA fingerprint
Opening files from Ubuntu server over ssh from Mac Terminal
How can I check the condition of an SD card?
Is it possible to customise the prompt to show the if there are any background jobs?
Using VIM, how do I remap directional keys from right hand to left hand?
What is the easiest way to execute text from tail at the command line?
Create multisession ISO image to burn on a remote CD
/etc/fedora-release shows wrong release
Running a command at startup
Most unix-like filesystem that can be mounted under windows and Mac OS X
ATI gamma correction, fglrx_xgamma not installed
GParted is Frozen
Encode with ffmpeg using avi to mp4
How can I save the Xterm configuration I set at runtime?
pull out a file named to ~
How to pkill from a script?
Can I mount NTFS flash drive on linux
How can I copy a folder structure from one server to another keeping the same owner and permissions?
Linux find and remove all symlinks relating to a directory
File size :size of content and what is seen different
How to change the prompt in Linux?
Can (and how) KVM use NTFS storage?
how do I include the qcserial module in the kernel?
permission denied for ptrace under GDB
Netboot error: Invalid kernel argument
How can I load a module at runtime?
Up to date Mint and AMD/ATI Radeon 2600 HD Mobility
Parted output with two free space rows
How to automate route commands
Configure external HDD for use with multiple linux PCs
Unsure about java JDK for Centos 6.4
How to install red5 & Java on centos 6.4
How can I install Sun JDK on a Debian based system?
Gnome Boxes Boot From ISO After Installing An Operating System?
Fedora Nautilus 3.26 Icon Alignment Problem or Bug: Icons are misaligned
search replace with exception of quotes
printf: multibyte characters
Kali Linux fully installed usb boot vs live persistence usb boot
Problems installing gitlab with apache
Can I have two users with the same name but different UID's?
Multiple arguments for script
Checking an arbitrary file-content based condition with find
Polytonic Greek keyboard not working as described in keymap
What libraries/files are needed for ncurses refresh() under a chroot environment in Ubuntu 16.04
iperf daemon not outputting anything to log file
Define target directory with flag in `scp` or `rsync` (like `cp -t`)
how to grep a variable name
removed lib modules folder after every reboot
How to connect to the server using the private key I was provided in SSH
error for missing bracket without apparent reason
How can I improve Firefox performance?
Why the " passwd " command give the root shell without password?
How to update an Arch Linux PKGBUILD file for new version (printer driver)?
Error when opening downloads folder in Firefox
Test nested variables in a while loop
Print only certain columns while maintaining white space
How can I get a full process list in solaris, without truncated lines?
Debian sed: can't read
Top and bottom panels disappeared in Ubuntu 10.10 (Gnome)
Easiest way to duplicate directory over FTP
xfdesktop (xfce4) broken? (can't set wallpaper)
What format does man use?
SCO Unix run interactive script when sending a print job
Stuck on "Determining IP information for wlan0" at boot
What's difference between FISH and SFTP?
How to understand what's taking up disk space?
Encrypted SD card corrupted
yum groupinstall "Development Tools" fails
How to install software on Red Hat?
How can I install ncdu on Red Hat?
Augeas not reading all yum.repos.d files. Why?
How to clear terminal after logging out?
Mount USB (FAT) in Gentoo
Minimal Command Line Distro
Is there a good combination of command-line and graphical file browser?
Keyboard macros for X and/or KDE
XForwarding not loading correct $PATH
ssh session never exits cleanly
How can I run a command which will survive terminal close?
Disk space on Fedora 12
How do I use dhcpcd in openwrt instead of udhcpc?
How to allow a particular user to access the FTP?
How is file ownership affected across different systems?
Aliases vs functions vs scripts
How do I prevent GRUB from using/starting any graphical UI?
What does the .d stand for in directory names?
Configure Atheros AR9285 wireless in Gentoo
How can I disown a running process and associate it to a new screen shell?
Best Dictionary Software for Linux
Simple "Variable" Bash File
Task Switcher inside VNC
Problem installing packages on my Redhat machine
Microphone always picks up sound and routes it to speakers
remove extra tilespace from a montage (ImageMagick) composite image?
What logs or diagnostic steps can I take to check for Debian Jessie network failing to start?
How to pass arguments of the shell script when calling it?
Suspend a process silently with ctrl-z
Array into whiptail menu - BASH
Debian jessie volume group not found and can't boot
ss - linux socket statistics utility output format
How to keep the field separator when printing $0 with awk
How can I un-export a variable, without losing its value?
HpUX: correct vgreduce
Echo & redirect bash history !commands to file
how to load a bash alias for graphical terminal emulator
modprobe events not logged in /var/log/messages
mysterious awk script joins lines
How to use top in a shell script to track memory consumption of a process?
How do I properly source .inputrc?
Understanding sshfs and umask
Enable SCL python27 so other RPMs can see it
Append a "finished" command after a specific command is used
Why won't grep work in this command?
ld cannot find -lgfortran
How to configure NGINX as a reverse proxy for different port numbers?
logrotate not working as expected with my custom log
Generate line number / "index" within a range from a date seed value
Client route for OpenVPN Access Server
md5sum check (no file)
converting spaces into dashes
Use SWAP as disk cache in Linux
can't generate key via dnssec-keygen
ACL and plain old permissions
Raspbian uses the complete dhcp range
ssh dynamic port forwarding and tcpdump shows cleartext
Why is tee process still running?
Is there a "ls" replacement that can handle wildcards?
New Linux User, Where do I begin and how do I master the OS
Use SELinux to restrict a directory to a particular user
How do I find and list folders with a specific folder name, containing files modified recently?
Returning an array from a ksh93 function
Permissions to allow files to be written, but not read, overwritten or modified
Keyboard mapping on ChromeOS?
FreeBSD display resolution under Veertu
CentOS 7 Why does the beep package not exist?
Pass output of "whereis" command to "cd" to change directory in one step
Work with compressed dd images
In mutt, how can I easily attach files which contain spaces in their name?
Preventing screensaver in Scientific Linux 6.4
How to add variable to su - command bash
How to set-up Debian for working with HiDPI properly?
systemd Failed to start Store a System Token in an EFI Variable
Linux groups lose write permission on new directories (NFS)
Keep getting this error message trying to customize grub?
Dynamically loading image based on function output
How do I compile the Linux kernel with Clang?
sysfs folder symbolic link behavior
Updatedb findutils searches in a folder named 'alex'. What does it mean?
Suppress filename print in fswatch
HP Pavilion gaming laptop: Accellerometer, lid closure, and constant fan throttling
Initramfs not reading new configuration/scripts
Read only filesystem after adding raid1 HDs
What would cause my linux server to throw "too many open files" errors out of nowhere?
apt install ./*.deb from fuse mounted drive permission denied for sudo / root
VNC x0vncserver "password" parameter not working as expected
Performance and security differences between Ubuntu and other linux distros
How to do a recursive download with gwget (wget frontend)?
Copy text from one terminal into another
My Fedora 13 crashes several times a day
How do I find out what hard disks are in the system?
Bandwidth control in linux
Storing output of command in shell variable
Linux distribution that offers a good KDE experience
Where is the bugtracker for `ifconfig` located?
Hard drive making strange sound
OpenBSD failing to load firmware of supposedly supported WiFi USB adapter
How do I convert a TTA file and its CUE sheet into several FLAC files?
Removing non-printable characters using POSIX sed
How to turn off STARTTLS for internal relaying of emails?
When selecting from the Menu not able to Perform task?
Starting SSH server after VPN starts
Writing a Script to Kill a Process for a User?
How to properly apt-pinn (by defaulting packages to our main release)
How to rename splitfile[a-z] to splitfile[1-26]
Transition from Windows to KDE
Losslessly change the dpi value of a JPEG on Linux
How do I remove mate desktop completely?
My keyboard generates spurious events
Exact structure of a file
X Forwarding over SSH when switching users
Nemo in Linux Mint - Reset all Preferences and "My computer" pane in List View
How to tell journald to re-read its configuration?
systemctl not works for own daemon
Why does the following shell sequence ends so quickly?
how to build a autoconf module and how to load that for compiling other program
filesystem image mounted with lofiadm looks smaller than expected
How can I autostart GDM on Fedora 15?
Cross LFS - PPC - Error while compiling
How can I pass strings with single quotes to grep?
ls in glorious 256 colours
Why does (GNU?) parallel fail silently, and how do I fix it?
How do I convert a MKV file to H.264/AVC with a resolution of 640x360 using FFMPEG?
How to run Dropbox daemon in background?
Pushdown Terminal Output
How can I debug Apache, not starting upon boot
How can I write to dmesg from command line?
Debian: No internet connection on reboot
Why are these aliases failing?
installing radeon card under debian
Linux program running on Ubuntu machine but not on Unix webserver
Opening a usable xterm window through bash script
How iconify xterm when it loses focus?
Path errors when using GNU Stow
How do I name a partition?
Need telnet to connect to phone system, but not full client mode
SSH lets me login with a password even though I set "PasswordAuthentication no"
chmod and chown not working in sudo called script
Can the grub2 bootloader replace Windows bootloader partition?
issues booting Ubuntu [Firmware Bug ] : ACPI _BQC method, cannot determine initial brightness
Safely convert unicode strings to printable characters
Linux Mint Stops Network File Transfers to Load Data into RAM
SED Errors when building asciidoc
Back up snapshots without being admin
local email storage syncing to imap - mutt-friendly
How to duplicate a stream and process both parts in a streaming way?
Comment the if statement and the matching endif keyword
My Laptop gets hot on OpenSUSE
Grub2, boot into existing OS option?
How to get the arguments to a php function via grep?
Reference prior command output / terminal screen contents in current command line
cumulative totals with shifted column
Where is weather indicator on Linux Mint?
How to manually install a cpp library
How to make my debian to work as http/html proxy?
Mounting all partitions on hard disk automatically on Linux Mint
XPS 9350 won't drive Dell U2711 display over HDMI
Install rt-test(cyclictest) and meet some problems?
About Intel speed select
How to run systemctl command inside ExecStart?
Where is Intel speed select driver?
How do you remove bad DNS server IPs from systemd-resolved?
How to make code interpret $ but not *?
What is "filesystem-specific information" in `/proc/self/mountinfo`?
Zipping all sub directories
Why shell script function can't return negative number?
Unable to connect to remote server using lftp
State of Debian Stable (Stretch) Repository between time of two versions (e.g. 9.8 to 9.9)
Sharing Internet Through a Network Interface
How to compare one column with many columns (1200 columns) to find identical names?
How can I catch command status code and throw error before tee?
Is btrfs's 'parent id' and 'top level' different?
Run a script that displays an X window from an udev rule
Why does apt-get in Ubuntu still want to install Python 2.7?
Disk /dev/sda doesn't contain partition table
Zsh completion on the second command or after an alias?
Collect files from several different directories and put them in one place
Supervise File Operations
Output Redirection
I am accessing remote machine in linux using Bash scripting
Is there a "supported" way in RHEL/CentOS 7 to union-mount a directory tree on top of an NFS mount point?
Why does my cronjob not execute my shell-script?
ITEAD Core A20 cant load or Proceed to the FileSytem
Setting mouse acceleration using xset and xinput
How to get the structure of a GDBM database
Keep mouse pointer busy while launching a script
Cant use scp with wdmycloud
After sending shutdown command, ssh session doesn't terminate
Where are SSH init scripts located?
Show only current and parent directory in bash prompt
Timing start up time for app launched via terminal command
Formatting VGA info to conky
What does "kernel:NMI watchdog: BUG: soft lockup" followed by other errors mean?
How to open any file through the command line?
How can you remote boot over InfiniBand?
Wi-Fi Sabrent PCI-8021N Linux Debian Jessie _x86_64 using ralink firmware/desktop
`sudo cp -a` changes ownership to root (instead of preserving the original user)
Alsa mixer for assigning specific apps to a specific soundcard?
Forward traffic from first to second server
Remote X11 applications have wrong keyboard mappings (local: OSX, remote: Linux)
FreeBSD : fan control on a tyan motherboard with w83793-i2c sensors
Sed giving error when taking input from command line
NTP pool provide only IPv4 records?
htop - change units for memory usage display
Macbook Ubuntu Server: how can I have the screen turn off when lid closed (but keep server running)?
What does CTRL+V do in vim?
ImageMagick: PNG to GIF: make any not completely transparent pixel solid
What does "on input" and "on output" means in options like ICRNL and OCRNL?
Can the logical sector size be set on newer HDD/SSDs?
Installing node on elementary os
What makes an application only compatible with a specific Linux distro?
Putting a pogoplug in the camper for long range wifi
Is PATH a special variable in zsh?
IPv6 custom loopback address and ping it from another host
Map Windows paths to Linux paths for VirtualBox
NVIDIA drivers in Fedora 25
Isolating the line in /etc/passwd that contains "string" using grep
Generate HPKP fingerprints for all certificate chain
Faster disk recovery (ddrescue running slow)
Redirect all ports to OpenVPN client
Shell Script to extract the tag value
Is it possible to add 2 diff cmd in ad-hoc ansible cmd?
How do I use 2 drives on linux on virtualbox?
Cannot install anything using yum in redhat 6.2
Problem running a web server in Oracle VM Virtualbox with Port Forwarding
Why grep is returning non matching lines when I don't redirect stderr to stdout?
Run shell script when navigating to directory with cd
Display a png image file on a framebuffer: png-fb source
Rsync copy only changed files; ignore file modification time stamps
Nagios Monitoring Via a Bastion Box
How to substitute words in git rebase file
Why did `cp -uav` of a git repo show "removed" for some files?
Can't install phpMyAdmin in Centos 6.9 / PHP 7.0
creating test1 and test2 files in /var directory in Linux,
Piping output of zypper ps -sss into systemctl restart
ZSH completion depending on the provided argument
BIND Reverse DNS Ignoring out-of-zone data
Using scp to transfer files to an android device
Sudo Su automated login
Why can't my python script change umask?
Nginx strangely started to redirect a default location
Is there any danger in changing the labels of my hard drives?
How to change hostname on CentOS 6.5?
Linux: Recover files from .vdi file
adding list of users to multiple groups
Where are sent emails stored on unix?
Artificially prime buffer cache?
Bridging lxc vs virtualbox
Use non-root user configuration for root account
Openbox pipe-menu script error
how to get effect of IP rules script in RHEL 6?
How to find out which program can open a given file?
How to add another domain (SOA) to my bind9 installation when domain has not been delegated yet. What are the delegation steps?
How to print password protected pdf with cups from command line?
What exactly is scrollback and scrollback buffer?
/usr/sbin/sendmail: Permission denied
Thunderbird: new email notification not working properly
sed + remove the first directory from path
Lots of traffic between servers - where does it come from?
Centos 6.5 from Desktop to basic server
Outlook on Kubuntu 14.0.4 with Wine
Number of comma-separated fields in a text file
Remove all lines in file A which contain the strings in file B
Does pgrep output ever include the parameters supplied to the process?
Filename completion in gvim
Name of the process on the other end of a unix pipe?
modinfo finding the wrong driver
Add a different string in the beginning of each line
moving only some directories / filesystems to ZFS datasets
Can I send a KILL signal to the current process in a terminal emulator with a keybinding?
How to make appends to files fail if the file does not exist already?
Accidentally moved all directories under / to the same directory
Why does my system (w/ btrfs, hourly snapshots) "lock up" when cloning large repo or copying many files
How to install docker from apt on Ubuntu?
How does iptables treat hostnames?
How to find out a CAS latency on my SODIMM DDR3 module?
How to speed up awk script that uses several large gzip files?
How to preview my GRUB menu without rebooting?
Gdebi keeps crashing when "Install" is clicked
Extracting words from .txt and creating one master .txt
I get message "File name too long" when running for..in and touch
apt-get broken after partial update to 16.04 from 14.04
interpreting near simultaneous Enter and backslash keys
What’s the name of a USB stick when its label is empty?
Add new line to a file contains <
How to log only iptables messages into my /var/log/iptables.log?
Using xargs instead of GNU Parallel
Why can't I see my internal network in VM?
Mysql database doesn't get deleted after deleting a user fully privileged on it
Linux Mint: Can't install Archer T2UH usb wifi on kernel 4.8.0
How does Xorg work?
systemd: Cannot disable generated unit file
Why is running an invalid process with '&' closes the terminal?
Grepping exact text only to output?
Sed: Replace T 2016-12-30T09:42:14 from ISO date
id and whoami commands shows different user
#!/usr/bin/env foo #!vs /usr/bin/foo
how do I network my desktop to my laptop?
Is Openbox a non-reparenting window manager?
what is "an invisible whitespace character that takes up space"
Grub does not fit the screen
Seagate external drive freeze problem
Enable kernel's net_key, inet_esp, crypto_hmac modules for to use in a VPN
How can I set a bash alias that evaluates $() when run?
Possible to dual boot Linux Mint on any Windows 8 laptop?
How to export calendar from a nextcloud instance?
How to capture all std outputs
kali rolling install on External HDD problem
Gentoo Portage / ebuild: Overwrite file permissions
How add new lines between rows and start and end position of the csv file
Mount EFS drive on EC2 instance
lvconvert between different volumegroups - LVM
Shell script : add "exit by typing q" to while do case already dependent on an if
GParted stuck when formatting swap drive
Why isn't svn using my credentials when run within a shell script?
Split Front/Rear/Aux on Mic/Input ports on one sound card to different capture sources (Pulseaudio/ALSA)
Boot failure with virtualized Windows 7
Don't print the same string again if it was found between two files
How to set up OpenVPN and Transmission to start at boot on CentOS 6?
comparison of two sorted files by common first field
How can I move the cursor in terminal without mouse scrolling?
How to ignore hosts file?
Securing Beaglebone software from stealing
Running a borg extract remotely
Error adding repository nilarimogard/webupd8
How to input half-width characters in Mozc (fcitx)?
Get 60 mins before and after a given timestamp - Shell/ksh
Is it possible to change the zlib-flate compression level?
How to route traffic over specific interface on linux (debian)?
How do i make my vim to look like this
Copy first line from one file to other files using xargs and sed
Failing to Enable UARTs on Beaglebone Black
Extract and replace string with bash
How to disable ip6 lookups in unbound?
How to make virtual devices on GNS3 be able to ping the physical host
One time query to sync time with NTP server
Computing time difference from logfile entries
Rounding off to nearest number
Hmac with openssl's command line tool with a key that might contain null bytes
Section wise Variable Accessing from Config File
How to interrupt the watch command?
Secure Linux to use in workplace
How do I connect to the internet with 3g usb modem (mobile broadband connection) in OpenBSD?
How do I avoid booting into BusyBox when reverting from LVM snapshot?
Debian : cannot install update : "The transaction did not complete"
How to restrict user based on ip address in openldap
How to get the process that is running
Xsession randomly opens in two different states
CentOS with nodeworx
Upstart script with expect scripting
Linux PMAP variation in number of address ranges
Determine which group(s) a running process is in?
What is the proper way of installing new kernel manually on Debian 9?
Replace a binary block within a large file
systemd service does not trigger the tmux command upon reboot
Why is yum picking a lower version to install
RegExp - Optional Capture group in Bash?
How to install Standard 14 fonts in Red Hat Enterprise Linux?
Best option for making a mint pc unbootable by anyone but me?
sed Commands Pattern
Is there a place where FTP transfers are logged?
NetworkManager-TUI Doesn't Display Interfaces Centos 7
portable way to terminate command (netcat) after timeout
Does Linux have a Windows Filtering Platform equivalent?
SSSD list allowed users only
How to move files to a folder per day
Sort lines while grouping indented lines with their parent
Safe FreeBSD test on system running debian with zpools
Linking a Centos 7 Cluster
Linux replace only user part in email pattern
Deactivate Nvidia Graphic-Card CLI
“SSL handshake failed” when connecting to localhost (server clone)
timeout command and pipe - order of precedence
Modify date format in-place through `sed` command
Read from a file and return new line with loop
how to boot from external hard disk with ubuntu installed?
lsof doesn't show up my djvu files
X11 Error When Run as a Docker Container
Can systemd 'adopt' or 'inherit' a process or cgroup?
Quotes don't work anymore with: git commit -m "My commit message"
Script to change the timestamp of files according to filename
How to make snapper-boot.service create snapshots for all configs?
watchdog to start my process with credentials
check if numbers from command line are powers of 2
Docker restarts network on Linux
sedutils vs hpdarm for SED hard disks
How can I track down the source of an Ethernet ARP table issue between Linux laptops?
Are `match()`, `gensub()`, `gsub()` and `sub()` only concerned about records not fields?
Directly play input sound (Mint)
APT Pinning dependencies resolution
Implications for deleting files using WSL
Start systemd service with a "system" user to execute a bash script
Why does bash not remove backslash in the quote removal step in this example?
Exclude interface when send ICMP ping
hwclock for non root user
OCR software for equations to get LaTeX file
Debian all tty hang on "Loading Please Wait" (Graphical Login works fine)
What is wrong with my copy command?
No printer found when using MS Office 2007 under PlayOnLinux
Fedora 25 Workstation : Anaconda throws Traceback error during installation
Copy files from a folder if they're in another folder too
Automatically downloading subtitles
Configuring iptables for line network
Issues creating and enabling custom systemd services for ddclient
Linux - Debian 8 - Suspend Computer but never spin down HDD
How to get X window border width from command line?
How can I have a systemd script wait enough to check a connection to the internet?
Save into file git fetch terminal output
Why are ARM SoCs so seemingly hard to handle with the Kernel?
Using arguments in the replacement text of an alias
How do I find out who added a user?
Automount webdav server on startup with internet
Remove a column from a CSV
If a block device has a permission of brwx______, how secure is it?
How to ping IDN domain hosts in bash script?
Powersave CPU frequency governor does not keep frequency low? Is this normal?
idn2 works differently from bash script and command line
Can i use kernel_thread in kernel when its version is over 3.10?
Print files in reverse order from an associative array in bash
CTRL + L does not work in solaris, nor does clear command
How to set dd/mm/yy for command-prompt in zsh?
Linux Mint - Facebook font rendering in Chrome is ugly
Controlling the highlight color
e2fsck giving some error
why useradd havent created the standard files?
Grub2 in Ubuntu 12.04 doesn't add “quiet splash” to Fedora kernel
How to make file system on DVD
Cannot open shared folder under Debian (VirtualBox)
Worker MPM or Prefork?
My Ubuntu doesn't hibernate
How to install libesedb? Build error
Patching Process in AIX
Set specific GPG key for specific recipient in mutt
SSD as a read cache for FREQUENTLY read data
Arch sometimes won't suspend
How do I load initrd into memory to be passed to kernel when using kexec?
Deleting a samba user: pbdedit vs. smbpasswd, what's the difference?
Mac OS X LDAP query via dscl yields different results for same user with same datasource
Obtain exclusive read/write lock on a file for atomic updates
How to copy the home directory in the home directory?
Using sed to match multiple possible environments in a file
bash -c in subshell gives EOF parsing error
Which X Window system is installed on my server that would work with Xming
Why are IPV6 privacy extensions not working in Arch Linux?
CentOS update from 7.1 to 7.2 with 2.6 OpenVZ kernel?
gray highlighting is gone
Having problem booting kali linux live from a usb
How to fix my terminal prompt being out by a character?
Where is Alt+SysRq+r+e+u+i+b in /var/log/syslog?
Is it possible to run 'unshare -n [program]' as an unprivileged user?
Dynamically computed string replacement with standard tools
echo $variable > file in a loop outputs only the last value of variable
Find oldest directory name on a remote server?
Hpux -lq and -lm
Modern way to configure dummy0 in /etc/network/interfaces or similar?
unexpected behavior of 'rpm --setperms sudo'
xrandr config for display 0 is ignored when a second display is connected
Getting out of while loop on console
How can fragment packets -f/--mtu be usefull?
Redirect packets destined for certain IP to a different IP on Openwrt router
Qemu/KVM with hardware OpenGL rendering
CDROM drive and isofs filesystem support
Why does systemctl asks for a sudo password in user mode?
Coping with filenames starting with a dash ("-") when using `-exec` and `xargs`
How to list all files under /etc and write it to a file in /home?
Apache uses 9GB of RAM but htop only shows 2.7GB of used RAM. Why?
What does it mean? Is this might be Issue in OS configuration?
Empty a specific folder in every subdirectory
How to use shell script to split and format data output?
Resize safely root LVM
How to reset a flash drive murdered by dd
Why isn't my NAS advertising its IPv6 addresses?
Add an SSH key on boot
Ping command data size in Linux and Windows
bash - sum numbers in a variable
Linux freezes minutes after boot (AMD r5 2600)
Can I prevent my system from creating .Trash-1000 folders on network shares?
CentOS vinagre RDP to Windows 10 - Two major annoyances(/bugs?)
Can Not install any of distros (ubuntu, arch, kali) after successfully installing them yesterday
alias: backup & and edit file
"Resize2FS" compact data blocks before resize
vimrc not getting recognized
gnuplot: Calculate a square root
Simulate PostgreSQL query timeout
LFS 7.6 GCC make error
defining firewalld permissions without SELinux in Debian
Chrome notification fills my systray
Print source code of bash script with its includes
How to permanently disable root-password prompt for recovery mode, RHEL6
How to execute shell commands in a loop from within a bash script?
How to permanently disable root-password prompt for recovery mode, RHEL7
How do I overwrite multiple files with one recipe in Yocto
syntax error while trying to execute python program in bash shell
To use Pandoc pipe data with AWK
Problem with inotify-wait as daemon
Debian: Move the trash folder for all users to another volume
How to set mail subject using variable and ensure attachment is not included in email body
Recovering files with directory structure
Embed "cat file" in CURL data
tar in parallel
Dvorak layout, but QWERTY with Ctrl or Alt modifiers
ffmpeg configuration error
Is it possible to mix zones with DNSSEC enabled and disabled in BIND?
apt-get upgrade stalls
Partition still almost full but files seem to have been lost. What happened?
Find MAPISend syntax and Replace with BLAT syntax
Can I store and work with a directory in compressed form?
device-mapper linear documentation parameters
How to get systemd-udevd to create a bridge device at start up?
Configure Debian/Ubuntu to imitate rpmnew and rpmsave
Hide cursor when entering text
Minimal installation of Oracle Java 8 on Debian - headless, with no GUI
Bash append to file, removed during execution. Can this be fixed?
use she-bang in oneliner
Solaris 10: how to run correct tcp wrappers?
Store Windows print driver on Samba for a CUPS print server
i3 screen goes blank after 5 min inactivity
Is host-to-host file transfer possible using USB Type-C?
bash while/read loop behaves differently in a mips/musl/busybox based VM
Visudo sanity check for the whole ecosystem of included files?
libc segfaults while compiling dev-lang/yasm
Why is every wifi networks' signal strength always identical?
Cobbler+Kickstart $basearch problems
Restricted ssh remote execution with arguments
Use Mosh without giving up local scrollback / history?
Copy ssh public key to multiple Linux hosts
How can I get this script file's functions to load without having to source it every time? "command not found" (Bash/scripting basics)
(cp is to cat AS mv is to ?) mv multiple files into one file instead of cat * rm *
chroot: failed to run command -arch installation
Got a problem executing my script in Ubuntu VPS
How to find and add a public key to my gpg keyring from command line using email address?
Restrict peripherals to input/output devices
systemd: stop .automount unit without unmounting the filesystem
gpg: error retrieving 'me@example.com' via WKD
How to enable "strictlimit" feature for file system device (Debian 8)
How do I store the human-friendly size of a file in a variable?
Starting another program that shares output terminal with current program?
How can I split each PDF page into two pages, using the command line?
SSH Tunnel broker over IPV4 for machines behind CNAT
How to change autologin from root to non-root user?
Files permission - problem with an exception to grant to specific user
Why would `sudo cp src dst` ignore no clobber rule in /etc?
Unable to update ubuntu 16
Is there a command to completely roll back every change made to a Mint system
Debian installation hangs at final GRUB install: "Looking for other operating systems"
High load but low cpu usage
No headphones output on Debian Buster
Kubelet failed to get cgroup stats for "/system.slice/docker.service"
coil whine on kubuntu when idle
Can't log in because I forgot my user name
How to make a (sed) regex replacing all occurances of one character while deleting the last?
Faking a directory path without the full path existing
How to install bluetooth?
X increase the font size of a single application (no X resources)
dividing a file into multiple files using shell commands
Explain ZFS system output
How to find how many values in a column are not present
Is Tails moving to Gentoo?
Access Denied Localhost
How to record the maximum size of a folder?
Kali linux freezes after injection
How does Qubes do memory management, especially with regard to shared objects?
Which GUI diff viewer would you recommend, with Copy-to-Left/Right functionality?
Yum update error: "can't start new thread"
What is [jbd2/dm-3-8] and [kdmflush]? And why are they constantly on iotop?
Calculate the date from 1125 days ago on non-GNU systems?
Easy/simple input method package that works with minimal window manager?
Is it possible to compile a code from within target?
Searching for a command line tagging tool for mp3 and ogg that supports pictures
Is there a way to store Firefox passwords in a local encrypted database in Linux?
Motd doesn't show up
Parse lines of output from bash loop
How to install ruby-devel and python-devel in SuSE Enterprise?
How to Run a script on USB removal?
How do I compile source into the kernel?
Why would the kernel drop packets?
Select PID by full command
Build Transmission 2.84 .deb package with checkinstall
Split values rewriting key and value in newline
Calculate intervals
How can I tell if floating point arithmetic is performed in hardware or software?
Which kernel module name is currently correct "usb-storage" or "usb_storage"?
sssd: login problems with AD user
generate consistent machine unique ID
clamd randomly stops
How to set up Cron to run mysqlauditgrep command for 11AM on Friday
LibreOffice Writer Go to page
convert man output to ebook format
I'm able to remotely ssh into Cygwin on XP, but it warns "Could not chdir to home directory" and my /bin is almost empty
Compare two data streams without both being stored as files
Unable to find an option to install CentOS 6.4 (64bit) in command line (linux text) for Asterisk
Software Center not opening in Linux Mint
Why 32 bit OS has less requirement when compared to 64 bit
Why ssh -nq -t can't see my environment variable?
Gawk: Passing arrays to functions
Copyed mysql files from previous system now error while connect, what to do?
Cron job not running / not successful?
Linux / JVM - OutOfMemoryError: unable to create new native thread
How to distinguish input from different keyboards?
How do i know the process ID of the parent process?
USB mount doesn't work on Centos 6.4
How to get past "Loading Initial Ramdisk" hang after going from x86_64 to i686 cpu
Add three dot floating numbers in shell
Audio not working in Spelunky Classic 1.1 with Wine - IDirectMusicLoaderImpl_SetObject no gm.dls error
buggy font rendering on browsers
Replacing multiple patterns, one of which has brackets, the other a tab character
How to delete the first word in each line of a file?
Partitioning disk
How do you disable XON/OFF flow control?
systemctl check service status with reasonable semantics?
Forced Password Expiry question
Howto find the size of a remote http/https directory (non recursively) using a given regexp from the command line
Linux distribution for USB that works on 32/64 and on Mac
How do you specify the pkg-config path when compiling something with cmake?
What is the difference between spidev2.0 and spidev2.1?
Apache server giving 403 Forbidden for IPV6 addresses?
Comparing all combinations of lines within two columns using awk + if statement
CentOS 7: When building Mapnik, the configure step does not find optional dependencies like libpng-devel, libjpeg-devel, etc
How to insert macrons without using the compose key?
Update Failed: Download failed. cURL error 6: Could not resolve host:
Inconsistency between Spamassassin command line check vs daemon check
CentOS 7 - Rsyslog error7
How can I use paplay to play flac files to a PulseAudio sink?
Redirection vs Process substitution: `echo foo | bar` vs `bar <( echo foo)`
Installing pandoc from backports on Debian stretch
What libraries are needed to install Python 3.7 on Ubuntu 18.04
curl command - any option for site RDW and site SDB
qemu-system-x86 --enable-kvm Windows 2k12 R2 stuck at windows logo
Network gateway with OpenVPN and HAProxy on one server --> routing problems
Will netplan.io be used in Debian Buster?
Understanding the meaning of @ in package management
ssh config with ProxyCommand, need to enter passphrase for ssh key on intermediate server
jump to a directory inside of ranger
How to get Linux to recognize an unidentified touchpad?
User Path file url Variable (Ubuntu)
Why does my cron job not work?
Using Private PGP key as login credential?
How to correctly use find with regular expression?
Can't disable idle screen blanking in GNOME 3.22
GNU linker producing useless spacing between sections in ELF file
How to determine the name of a running QEMU virtual machine?
Using hardware acceleration without screen/display
How do I get the output of a cron script run from my home directory?
Resizing an lvm2 pv CentOS partition
Can rsync detect changes in owner/group or perms?
Debian packaging: whats the difference between patches and changelog?
Make Linux write to network filesystem concurrently with local disk reads
inotifywatch: continue watch after file rotation
Execute backup script when USB disk is mounted
How to tell if I'm actually in a symlink location from command line?
Centos6: Increasing space without loosing any data
Unable to use bluetooth device in Debian Jessie 8.6
Why is the website (hosted in a Virtualbox) not available on the host system?
Debian kernel update (Required for my wireless firmware to work) issues - unmet dependencies linux-base
Is there a way to have NPTv6 with connection tracking on Linux?
Vim how to create .swp file manually?
Arch Linux, "hang" on "Reached target Graphical Interface"
bluez: bluetooth headphones cannot reconnect after disconnecting
switching from guest to host in virt-manager without mouse
GRUB can't boot on Arch after Windows install
How to access to specified folder via SSH/SFTP?
Monitor I/O writes to ISA card
Regarding linux package
debian from testing to stable but *not* via downgrade
Safely remove usb from linux device
Make an IF condition out of result we get from remote server
How to limit/monitor a cgroup process's blkio when process has output redirection
xfce4-display-settings: why is there no "Extend to the left"?
Copy compiled application to another system
Forward ICMP Ping Packets to Interface
How can i replace multi line string using sed?
Error while replacing date in a file using tr command
Printing all variables starting with foo in zsh
Bind9 socket.c unexpected error
How to ignore "Tags:" Header in mutt (neomutt)
Debian keeps hanging, may be graphics driver issue
httpd process status systemctl output
How to install rJava Package in Linux Mint
Why does configure take variables as arguments?
Backspace in zsh stuck
Resetting network interfaces when waking up from suspension
grep: How to find Closing Bracket?
Restrict /proc/mounts to avoid exposure of /run/user/
Capture output (sdout/stderr) of SSH port forwarder
how to replace special characters in large text file in shell scripting
rsync --link-dest not working as expected with symlinks
Can Guix packages be delivered to other distros?
How does ksh93 avoid forks in command substitution
Submit password with sudo and execute script with nohup
Middle click detected by xev, but nothing responds to it
How to enable Web GL in Chrome driver?
Where & How is user group information stored in Ubuntu?
Why doesn't GNU Screen split show up for remote user?
How to deallocate extents of physical volume? lvm, encrypted
How to generate a random string in a profile alias?
Cannot add host to icingaweb2
Use autocd and CDPATH together in a bash?
Ubuntu - Ethernet Card Driver Installation: asm/linkage.h file not found
Binding/unbinding GPU between host OS and pci stub while host OS is running
Error while installing wget and unzip
hdparm : SG_IO: questionable sense data, results may be incorrect
How to determine which kernel version to install?
Why did Debian 8 Jessie install the GNU bootloader onto my computer?
Why can't I create an alias in a bash shell?
KVM and Libvirt: Bad CPU/Network performance of guest
Aix: edquota problem
I accidentally removed my user from multiple groups, how do I find out what they were?
What is the safe fill limit of XFS partition?
Unallocated space in empty flash drive
How do you get the kernel config to compile a new kernel?
How to get the command history only for the current shell process?
How to Boot GParted on UEFI Hyper-V VM?
Recover the contents of a formatted disk?
How can I copy a file to every user's home dir in BASH?
How to find anything equivalent as R poppler in Debian?
Is the command in a process substitution invoked in a subshell?
static hostname but dhcp for nameservers on centos7
Trouble verifying download of openSUSE Tumbleweed image
find original video if you have a short clip from it
Owner of shared directory
Standalone libC alternatives for kernels on x86?
NFS + Kerberos: access denied by server while mounting
How to save R xtable(data.frame) output in .tex document?
How to identify files with no ext in its name but has extension in its property for example: nav.example.file which is actually a text document
What is bootstrapping?
( sed command)-> sed $foo
Two Bluetooth adapters working simultaneously
Parameters in bash $PS1 variable
Virsh guests lose network connectivity
Parse error on systemd timer unit. Is the documentation wrong?
How to list the symbolic links with sftp?
Alternatives command and Centos7
NumPad Not Working In Debian
dhcp client cannot ping google.com
Error adding variables
Read only access to directory for specific users on AIX box
restart systemd service within a timeframe
Which logs to look when kernel reboots because of panic?
Docker CE not registered as a service on Debian 9
Shared and non-shared history together
df not recognizing partition being resized?
How could I find the Plan command?
execute read command from var
Quick setting up gravitational teleport jump box (bastion host)
How to extract between 2 strings when file contains multiple symbols
How to access file-name's ending (before the extension) in a loop
How to setup samba conf file for read only group and read/write for a certain user in a share
LVM: how to always show Pfree in GB
reason of using Location and Directory for the same objects in Apache
If-condition based on standard output
find exec '{}' not available after >
Boot freezes just after loading graphics on Ubuntu 18.10 and Fedora 29
ssh logout hook
Start simple Go/Golang server with systemd on Debian or Ubuntu
Get list of processes that were forked off my currently running process?
In /proc/meminfo, does Dirty include or exclude Writeback?
Issue update PHP 7 on CentOS 7
How to properly write and execute a shell script and exit correctly?
zsh keybinding: insert-last-word
Need to take the 4th word of a line and copy it to the start of the line (sed awk)
When and where to use rw,nofail,noatime,discard,defaults?
Disable permission change for a directory
How to make a script "wait" for an operation to finish?
I overwrote all libraries in /lib64 by accident, how to fix?
Find all files and use the result in grep search pattern
Cannot see usb devices on Windows guest
Restart system if it runs out of memory?
Grep to filter and show only the beginning of a line
(IP Telephony, VoIP and Video Conferencing) Ekiga configuration for LAN with same subnet
How to check in a shell script if an executable is running or not?
replacing text and deleting text using awk in file using
Ctrl-s hang terminal emulator?
How to check if hot-swap or hot-plug are activated on my Linux machine
How to connect to port immedeately, avoiding socket_bind(): unable to bind address?
Why doesn't this variable assignment work when using tee?
Switching on numlock by default in Linux Mint
Grab text from detached screen
Migrate an entire volume group LVM2 to RAID5
Remote desktop server as daemon
Regex awk to Cisco Interface
Execute commands coming from a serial port
Fedora 18 Live CD is hanging on boot
Ubuntu 12.04 Gnome 3 "freezes" randomly - not a normal freeze though
Recursively rename files while retaining all characters preceding an underscore
awk in while statement
copy files to a new name - shortest way
vim how to simulate press of canc/delete key with norm command?
Upload to youtube using shell script
After every kernel update, debug option is first on the list at boot
What exactly does this script do?
Not mounting NFS shared folders with vagrant libvirt provider in Debian Jessie
Extract the start and end position of a common identifier
portably assign value to dynamically named shell variable
Booting FreeBSD using grub2 on uefi machine
round robin for curl and dnsmasq
How can I determine what is printing on my console?
Right click menu in Nemo missing 'create shortcut' and 'copy/move to'
How can I pass the file names to xargs and truncate them?
Upgraded from Ubuntu 14.04 to 15.1 and I end up at a command line at restart. What do I do now?
Why are hard links only valid within the same filesystem?
Installed ImageMagick7-7.0.1.5 on FreeBSD 10.3 but there is no `import` command available after installation
Pass F10 to the application in Gnome-terminal
yum install ERROR
unable to install centos on my windows 10 laptop making it dual boot
Double click selection in Gnome Terminal
How to decompress gzipped HTTP response?
pgrep in my shell script: not counting the script itself?
Browse remote machine files in Nautilus
debian 7.9 Duplicate sources.list
Executable of the GNOME keyboard layout applet?
Cant find package for wireless network card, Arch-linux
Setting a 105 keys keyboard geometry under Xorg
Mirroring and expanding display on Arch with xfce -Display Settings
Calling mailx from crond
On Ubuntu Linux 16.04, what file is the Apache2 AcceptMutex directive currently set in?
Read from and append to file at the same time while preserving end-of-line
How to create an internal multipath gateway
Iptables rules for remote mysql server
How to upgrade File::Path on my Mac OS X as a non-root user
keyboard still working after calling free_irq(1, NULL);
Hide directory listing? chmod 730 /home/share?
Can I see remote terminal?
What does the "first Ethernet card" mean in the BSD world?
RHEL 7 (CentOS 7) security / ssh / sshd_config advise requested
USB connected devices info
Count the total number of sub-processes (recursively) spawned by a command
How to display progress bar for tar incremental archives?
grep skip n lines of file and only search after
How do I deal with directories that have spaces in their names from `find`?
What hotkeys are supported when reading a man page?
Enforcing minimum passphrase length with gpg
set network manager dns in ubuntu
Group member cannot list files in directory made by group
Automatically allow user1 in group1 to edit file with owner user2 and group user2
awk does not print $2 from a file?
Mount permissions on Linux
Unable to initiate screen session
How to grep multiple strings that starts with certain value
Missing vmlinux file in /boot
Compton dimming inactive doesn't work with terminal
Why is socket path length limited to a hundred chars?
How to cycle through htop search results
error installing samba CentOs
Command line file explorer/manager that displays the number of files for each directory
Updating Network Manager
Mount is denied mounting GlusterFS point at boot
Password incorrect when using SSH with public/private key
./configure: No such file or directory in GCC
What exactly is the function piping into the other function in this fork bomb :(){ :|: & };:?
what is a context of a subroutine?
How to make several "startx" profiles?
What exactly is happening when a pipe is followed by a command grouping?
Does the shell have the same standard input, standard output, standard error like each other command?
How to get return value from MATLAB function
Linux cannot boot with u-boot and FIT(flatten image tree)
How to read an open file descriptor from outside the writing process
How do I trim bytes from the beginning and end of a file?
/proc/<pid>/fd/1 shows nothing
Creating symbolic link
How can I use the find command to list all the file types in a directory and all subdirectories?
ssh config file with multiple ssh versions
Periodic shutdown with popup-message and skip/delay-button
Zip file has different size after copied to flash drive
Unable to simulate Ctrl+Shift+Fn+F10 Key press \
Unknown TCP in the nethogs output
Starting script to set monitor configuration
Gparted Live: Can't resize ext4 partition
Compare two sql output files which have column names and print the difference into another file
Monitor accesses to directory on a Linux machine
Please explain what does exec, trap, mknod, tee do
Script working manually but not in cron - not calculating var?
Is /dev/nvram dangerous to write to?
How to export NFS shares rw to Windows
How to automatically change terminal background, based on ssh hostname?
How to make wicd set dhcp-based routing?
Adding encryption to existing software RAID-mirrored volume
What is the differece between root terminal and sudo?
How to use cache in proxy and filter by content in Centos 7.3 and Freebsd
Reset vmstat statistics without rebooting
How to enable WPA/WPA2 in NetworkManager?
Natural sort order in Midnight Commander
How do I see the value of a mutt configuration option?
Permissions change from mkdir to mount
Openmpi installation
can't boot into EOS after PRAM reset on MB Pro
How to list all Wine window handles which belong to the selected window PID?
Brother DCP-J315W is active in terminal but not detected in Elementary OS
I want to print a line when a user login
How to cd into a directory with the name "-"?
Monitoring PHP file access with loggedfs - access denied
Does negative vs positive matching impact firewall performance?
xmodmap for key combination - how to toggle the Fn behavior?
Will DVD+RW work on my laptop drive marked RW?
Trouble getting help in vim
Does changing ulimit get logged Mac/FreeBSD
Moving dot files using bash and creating symlinks
See server desktop in tightVNC
Ffmpeg problems on centOS 5.8 64 bit
Awesome: keyboard layout switch
Out of range error on monitor after installing video card drivers
Creating an HTTPS tunnel
Print multiple filenames to specific lines in txt file
How do I forward particular logs under a directory using rsyslog?
Optimizing Linux for desktop responsiveness without thirdparty kernels
Is there a similar tool like Curl but is already included in Linux?
Passing args from the bash script to the function in the script
IP A can ping IP B, But IP B can't ping IP A on centos with two network interfaces
How to delay starting a systemd service until a path exists
Virtualbox Internal Networking not assigning ip address
Download Network Boot Image
CentOS 6.6; java 7: libjli.so cannot be found
cd ~<user> is possible but why can't we cd ~"$USER" or cd ~${USER}
Command not found while calling function in shell script
gpg reports "operation cancelled"
Make or force tmpfs to swap before the file cache
Is it possible to have the dhcp client ignore option 121 routes?
Setting up Postfix on Ubuntu 16.04
Maintaining a local Arch repository
Permission errors when running program using supervisor, but not in the shell
Converting stdout to raw-data not accepting multiple words using xargs and piping
squashfs double caching problem
Linux 2.6.23 (VM) cannot install usb wifi
How to replace the date format to 'SYSDATE' of a unix file
Gnome3, get rid of foot bar showing programs
How to move a folder into itself?
When will OpenJDK 9 be available on FreeBSD?
Can't use LFTP with SFTP but SFTP clients allow connections
Cannot find a valid baseurl for repo : base problem
using xming to save a file from a lnux computer to a windows computer
Bash prompt changes for different users
Show splash screen instantly after system is powered
set display resolution in X11 forwarding
sudo start login shell (-i) and stay at current working directory
How to Verify that a UART is Enabled on a Beaglebone Black
Why is umask ignored when uploading files over sftp?
How to use free space for partition
Why is /etc/lvm/archive or /etc/lvm/backup not readable by everyone
Kali Linux Can't Log in as non-root user and wireshark complaining about root
How do I hide an app icon in the indicator plugin for xfce4 while keeping the network indicator?
Identify unique records on CSV based on specific columns
Gain root access without using root's login shell
how to install resolvconf in centos
kernel: BUG: soft lockup _raw_spin_unlock_irqrestore
Migrating shell scripts from Solaris 10 to RHEL 7.5
How are backslashes processed succesively by bash, gawk and gensub()?
What do you understand by this line "dr-- -w- --x file"
Redefine libinput software button area
Logrotate Error : unknown option & unexpected text
Different page from a browser and wget
Search for a keyword and get its count occurrence
Pointing 2 different paths to the same Apache domain name
How to plot specific rows for two graphs in Gnuplot?
Linux desktop keep randomnly freezing after recent updates
remove _ as prefix from the multiple files in a directory in Soalris
limit outputs by awk
systemd in the era of hotplugable devices
Multi GPU Compiz?
Emulate joystick input via numeric input
Can't SSH (connection refused)
Can I check if create_ap works?
Devilspie2 only detects Firefox windows on a restart; how can I fix this?
Redirect keyboard input to unfocused program
Regarding equating file attributes in "ls" command
Port netcat request info to bash script
Does Portage rebuild full packages when updating?
where is ifconfig on suse studio
ZFS messed mirrors up
flock command wont run through cron
What's wrong with my elif statements in this rock paper scissors game I'm making
Pass multiple commands to flock
Are "mostly POSIX-compliant" systems still considered POSIX systems?
Trailing spaces when copying from gnome-terminal using zsh
Notify-send not working when run from apache
How to bury an invisible mark into lines of text?
How to create an alias for opening a directory on Mac
Tail multiple files and output as additional column with 'find' results
how to connect centos from windows remotely?
What makes Pulseaudio send network data when no stream?
Clear old prompt lines in bash to save scroll space
Why is zone.tab missing so many time zones?
Quick way to include a directory path when calling mv?
Cannot find config option "CONFIG_CRASH_DUMP" for kdump
How to diagnose a problem using a core dump?
Indent the middle of multiple lines
Why escape trivial characters in shell script?
lshw and lscpu disagree on caches - which is right?
remove oldest files
personal document management system
Recommended location of node.js applications in linux filesystem?
CentOS: Sharing WLAN for internet access
Variable substitution into a sed script
Is it possible to determine what is inside Debian package without installing it?
Calibrate LCD display in laptop?
Problem with find and variables
Change column width in an emacs Ibuffer on the fly
How do I get the MD5 sum of a directory's contents as one sum?
How to meet required dependencies in order to install expect pecl extension on Mac OS X?
Moving Data From Old System to New System via NFS Mount
Linux Boost compilation
What's the difference of dmesg output and /var/log/messages?
Video Conversion Tool in Debian 6?
Removing a long string from php files - using grep and sed?
What happened to my desktop?
Find files starting with ~$ (MicroSoft Word Temp files)
varnish configtest
Domain resolve problem with stock Debian
Why does octave give different results for 9 ^ 1/2 and 9 ^ 0.5?
Salvage files from ext3 filesystem with physical errors
Is there a way to monitor the temperature of CPU using lm_sensors?
What's the best strategy to catch mystery process?
Utility to easily extract archives
Remove many many many files from a folder
How do I install hgview on Ubuntu?
No sound with fresh Kubuntu install
ARM cross compilation package not found
Running my own dynamic DNS record hosting
How can I exclude some library paths listed in " pkg-config --variable pc_path pkg-config"?
Piping tcpdump traffic via SSH - but no root ssh access
Looking for a way turn multiples commands with same parameter into a one liner
Connect to the same network using 2 wireless interfaces
Updating openssl on debian squeeze
How to terminate a shell script?
File permission with setuid and octal 4000
Highlight linux shell commands
calling library functions from different language
Install Ubuntu partitions
Why can I access to my C: or D: drives from Ubuntu?
Excessively high disk usage freezes my server
Copy image from clipboard to file
How to search and list files and folders with specific pattern?
"Tuning" tr and sed expression
running strace for specific period of time
Windows and Ubuntu dual boot
Tmux Split Panes in the same window
Create bash script for wine cmd script
Verify the length of a variable
Recover deleted files on Raspberry Pi?
CD disk not detected by Fedora on my Laptop
How to disconnect a server from LDAP
Comparing two strings in Bash
Gnome programs (eog/gnome-terminal) have a slow start and produce a DBus.Error.NoReply Warning
'altinstall' python-devel; can't install psycopg2 on centos
kernel compilation error
What is the significance of Linux's Disk caching Mechanisms?
Is Ramdisk and initrd the same?
How to recover a missing file
How can I chase a program who is rising up my laptop's temperature?
On Gentoo, what is loading up my network interfaces?
Set ls color listings based on regex instead of globbing
Why Mac applications never get "closed"?
Correctly setting environment
joystick as a mouse with Fedora
Is it possible to find out which files are setting/adding to environment variables, and their order of precedence?
How to get Nautilus to "Open with Archive Mounter"?
What Linux distro would you recommend for a big all-purpose LiveUSB?
What files should I copy from Windows into Wine?
How to create .ko files in Linux
Wi-Fi constantly disconnects
Bash script and Database
Problem with NIS
determining path to sourced shell script
Mirror for Fedora core 4 still available?
Debugging ethernet before NFS boot
Does RHEL/CentOS execute all cronjob files under /etc/cron.d/*, or just some of them?
Open a RPM on a Mac?
Can I limit a process to a certain amount of time / CPU cycles?
Is PAE worth it when I have 4GB RAM?
Creating a user who cannot get an interactive shell
bind the MAC with IP address?
How do you sort du output by size?
Centos 5.3 - Need to use 4 com ports without resource conflicts (system has 6 com ports)
Reinstall package in CentOS
Dm-Crypt system encryption with different keys per user
how to fix EXT2-fs (sda1): error: ext2_lookup deleted inode referenced XXXX
[drm:intel_enable_lvds]*ERROR* timed out waiting for panel to power on
Logging all input and output in zsh on demand
Syncronising Calendar and Contacts between Thunberbird and Android using Linux Software
awk - gensub function
Why is vim offering me spelling suggestions instead of using the completefunc?
Can't process stdout with pipe as it comes
Deleting all C comments with sed
Spotty wireless with Fedora
Will GNOME and GTK libs bloat up my KDE?
Drag windows with right mouse button in Linux Mint KDE
How to grant non-root user access to device files
How to convert multiple XCF files to PNG?
Postfix uses the interface alias instead of the primary interface
cannot mount .img file - "not a directory" error
Creating 100 files
Howto use an arguemnt with this shell script?
How to hide program names on KDE panel
How can I avoid this error "couldn't execute "des": no such file or directory"?
How shall I pass a newline character to a command in a script?
Extract information from multiple log files
Disks not appearing in Debian installer?
Swap_Usage is high in the Linux system increases. How to reduce it
scp files from particular folder in parallel
Different behaviors between find -exec and piping through xargs
How to work with multiple arrays in pure sh?
Calculating average in awk based on column condition in csv
changing current directory from child process
Why is the terminal sending a CR even though ICRNL is set?
Burning audio CD from .nrg file
create LVM VG for /dev/sda2 root
How to find a specific file with specific set of strings?
Check which process has open SCTP port in Linux
It is needed to rebuild nvida module after kernel recompilation?
Different Speakers for each Monitor
My video (.mkv) thumbnails are green (or monochromatic)?
Logitech Marble Mouse - Linux Scroll Modifier Setup
What does "while :;" mean?
Sending multiple attachments from NX to an email account?
Why is the default top-level subvolume (id=5) not shown in btrfs subvolume list -a?
Accidentally deleted the partitions on my boot disk. The system is still running. How can I recover?
Query DHCP server leases from Perl script
From Ubuntu 10.10, how do you connect to a Windows 7 share without a password setup?
What is the most compatible tiny X server?
How to get output from a remote shell
"database disk image is malformed"
When auto-completing in tcsh, can I reference a previous argument?
An easy bash completion tutorial?
Why don't I get a Gnome GUI when I install Red Hat?
How to print shell variables and values to be able to copy/paste them?
RHEL:Change Screen Resolution of Virtual Console
Tool to convert between human-readable byte sizes and bare byte counts
Do savestate before power off host (Virtualbox/OpenSUSE)
How to check which process is using a given file descriptor?
Readonly in mounted partition's root
How do I check if I have packet socket support enabled in my distro's kernel?
What do I need to setup a linux box as a proxy to access the network?
Which is the default/prefered compiler in F18?