Under what circumstances does gunzip & tar xf work but tar xzf fail?
File inventories and logrotation
ChrUbuntu (Acer): How to load kernel 3.8.0-16 instead 3.4.0?
OpenVPN problem
Store gnome keyring on a flash-drive?
bash: different output between CTRL-C vs "ordered cleanup"
(e)grep and atomic grouping [comprehension question]
what's the purpose of ssh-agent?
How to avoid parsing /etc/* files
Is there a good drive torture test tool?
make zsh run a command when no command is entered
Fuse not Loaded When Trying to Mount
If a directory is put in lost+found after running fsck, will it contain all of the original contents?
remove new line from the middle of the line using the starting text string
Can I specify a size space while using mount command?
How do I to debug a slow network? (ArchBang)
Linux way to get Summation of elements on right
Change PTTYPE and UUID of an fdisk created partition
How do I enable touch gestures in Fedora MATE/GNOME/KDE?
Why echo$?' returns 0 even though 1 is expected?
Logrotate is not rotating automatically, but it's working with logrotate -d and logrotate -f
How can I change the terminal title to current running program name?
Change starting window background color of konsole
Sound through only left speaker, (but hardware is OK)
Selecting the 40 MHz channel in WPA Supplicant
How to determine that we are Bodhi Linux or other branches when the ouput for $NAME is "Ubuntu"
Vectr doesn't launch on Ubuntu
Can I install both NTP server & NTP client on same machine (linux)?
Finding the name of a window
Installing Vmware ESX on Solaris server
`cat` behaves strangely on a mounted virtio directory
How to mount a partition inside encrypted lvm inside a disk image?
Local network rsync slower than internet download
How do I undo the steps I've taken to turn my installation into "FrankenDebian"?
docker fails with "iptables: No chain/target/match by that name"
White List and Black List for SSH
Why /usr/bin/rename.ul has an extension?
Beside username and password, what information are involved in permission management of journal filesystem?
Ubuntu pinging from link-local address instead of global
sed to Find and replace with / and not special character
How can we make `time` apply to a pipeline or its component?
`renice` seems to have no effect on CPU usage on Mac 10.13.4
Find XML files with specific values
Transform tar into cpio without rooting?
How to reduce OOM score for X11 with systemd
How to install debian without games, office etc...?
How to highlight the whole log-line in color with multitail
Need original file of Mint 13 for recovery
rsync error: some files/attrs were not transferred
what is the difference between if and [[ in bash?
Getting no tty present and no askpass program specified when using git over ssh
After ubuntu install + software raid 0 config, we see: rejecting I/O to offline device
Searching for multiple files and changing file extension
Cannot get rc.local to automatically run at all
Reordering strings in linux
How to SSH apache user from a remote guest server on VirtualBox with host-only network?
How do I recover files from a single degraded mdadm raid1 drive? "not enough to start the array"
ssh private key stops accepting my passphrase
Gnu parallel rsync hanging indefinitely
Trouble with ffmpeg and find
Mistakenly downloaded some Ubuntu repository in Debian. How do I remove them?
BSD sed vs GNU - is it capable of nested matches?
pip freeze lists packages uninstalled through pip, then reinstalled through Pacman
LibreImpress deleting inserted pdf images after a while
Mount device as RW for root and RO for everyone else
How to prevent GPU from overheating and auto turning off
When was command line parsing first introduced to shell?
sed command to find lines which are not of specific size
Is it possible to add a package to a Red Hat installation that is already in an USB bootable disk?
Limiting RAM for a group of users on Ubuntu Machine
What is the diffference between the prefix and destdir params for dh_auto_install?
Is stealing a WiFi password possible using Spectre/Meltdown
bash: Shift+arrow keys make A,B,C,D
How to Install flatpak on Linux Mint 17.1
report if any one record is not of matching size using sed
How to make vim interpret escaped characters as colors
Collapse rows based on a key in a csv file using awk or perl
How to copy desired log file content when logs are frequently being rotated in Linux
Can't use the resolution by name with kube-dns
How to make a theme default in Ubuntu 17.10?
Convert String to time format and append with current date - Shell/ksh
PEAP-TLS for Linux
How to enable cookies for specific site in Firefox using command line?
Formatting output with printf piped in with xargs
unlink delete files which are not links
I/O error when passing command line argument to a shell script
Adding new line using sed on specific pattern
ss shows a raw socket. What does it mean that it is listening on "*:ipproto-255"?
Why does atop open a raw socket?
Linux Mint cannot access USB drive from an admin accout. Drive is detected and works fine in other accounts on the same machine
Can we trust the files in a filesystem that was repaired by e2fsck?
How to find out where my alias are defined in CentOS?
-bash: python: command not found after install python3 on centos 6
Simplify multiple mkdir and symlink in a loop bash
read 9th column from text file and replace 11th column to the same file
Configuring xterm without access to xrdb on Red Hat 6.10
kernel 4.19: replacement for dentry_update_name_case()?
cp command throwing error in crontab
Installing tarball without Make?
How can I use a bash variable as a regex argument to gsub() and match()?
Error creating VM using VBoxManage
What's up with input on Linux 5.3?
Docker does not have internet inside containers. CentOS 7
Rebind key within only one application
Why the source code of XXX-dev (or XXX-devel) is not distributed?
How do I deduplicate -exec expressions in a find command?
How do I print matching field data from a doc with a qualifier?
how to prevent procmail listening to the world
rsyslog seems to have vanished from my system
What is the perfect combination of Environment Variables for Tomcat?
How to create source deb for package with binaries and non-binaries?
Set root password AMI linux
setserial /dev/ttyS* UART is undefined
Figure out Rsyslog listening port number
Time is not synchronized in Linux VM
How to pass argument with char ( in remote path?
Bash: Permission denied when trying to echo data directly to Network
Using the SSD area of a H-HDD drive with LVM/bcache
Better Workspace Switch Indication Linux Mint
sftp to use password stored in a parameter file
Add path to $PATH if not already in $PATH
What version of Puppy Linux should I use if I have a 2gb RAM? Do I need the PAE version?
Generate Private Key for Existing SSL Certificate
cut string on last delimiter
etckeeper with git, a way to deal with huge repo
last -t in Linux
Finding out if my system is being used as a bot by looking at ifconfig?
I'm copying if-then statements, with slight variations... and I shouldn't have to
Fastest way to read last line within pattern of multiple files with the same extension
Can ssh (agent) work with two separate identities?
Can I put more than 1 condition in if?
How do I display the whole line of text?
How do I find out if something is using the serial port?
Unity freeze randomly
Awk compare 2 files, print match together with non match lines filled with 0
do processes access cpu and memory by system calls to the kernel?
Why does microsoft contribute to the Linux kernel?
Repair or recover seemingly damaged partition on USB external disk
How do I mount a Mac thumb drive on a Linux system?
How to install packages without any package manager
How to run unattended-upgrades not daily but every few hours
Why does xterm/bash word-wrap even tho window is large to fit command
Virtulisation IPTables Rules
Why isn't my etc/cron.d file executing?
egrep for specified strings and newline
Why is "bind ~/.inputrc" causing my up-right slash key ('/') to be disabled until I re-login?
Eject / safely remove vs umount
Laptop Internet-synced Time Jumps Ahead by 44 Hours After Closing Lid
How does one inspect the directory structure information of a unix/linux file?
For value falls within a range get corresponding value
How can I run a specific line as a command in a text file?
Home server bottleneck (filesystem server)
OpenOffice won't execute formula
/sbin/cryptsetup not found on boot
SOCKS5 Proxy for Chromium
Using `sem` to make a script run in parallel
Read file and write output in another file using shell script
Why Blank output of this `sed ... <<END_SED | cut ...`?
How to set up multy-user xrdp server for 20 users that would force kill-all session created processes on disconnect?
Laptop sleeps by itself - in logs "Sleep requested" - requested by what?
Configure wireless network on FreeBSD: router shows wireless device is connected, but cannot ping
How to sed -i '`[echo $var]`i word' file?
Why you cannot have Tab in sed -i "1i \t 'word'" file?
Display stdout and stderr in two separate streams
SSH Tunnel "channel x: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out"
How to manually start an XScreenSaver application in root window (full screen)?
Uuencode is displaying the file contents in email body instead of attaching the file in the attachments
Check if date is n years old
Does pkill kill itself (and its parent processes) last?
How to power down display on terminal?
How to convert GBK to UTF-8 in a mixed encoding directory?
rsync gives an error in shell script
combine pipe and redirect on curl and jq
Transpose paramter values from a file and Generate parameter files from it
Cinnamon running without video hardware acceleration after moving HD to a new PC
Difference between "-" and "--" prefixed command line parameters?
scanning a sequence and outputting a sub sequence
php 7 install throws "Cannot load Zend OPcache - it was already loaded" error
Multiple monitors HiDPI scaling
OpenBSD- ignoring a particular keypress
How to remove specified IP address from iptables?
What is the opposite of yum provides?
Why do GnuPG 2 and gpg-connect-agent fail with "ERR 67108983 No SmartCard daemon"?
Resource usage (% CPU) for given command on OS X
PHP app crashes: child pid exits with Illegal instruction (4)
Parallelize openssl as input to dd
cygwin and pdftk
Create keyboard layout where capslock is control
Is it possible to overwrite a directory with a file in linux
Can a bash array be used in place of eval set -- "$params"?
How to set the keymap for keyboards that are plugged in later?
Is plain dm-crypt equal to headerless LUKS?
Extracting subset from fasta file
Debian 8.0 minimal IPtables Persistent not loading on boot
ipv6 connectivity problems
How to split up embedded Ruby string in shell command
Replacing in files with sed using regex
adding text to titlebar in all root windows
Light distro for VM-Ware guest running under Windows
Where are bash line continuations after && and || documented?
dc unix : preserving initial value even after storing new value at the same array index
XFCE session starts with 4 empty terminals. How to have a clean desktop at startup?
trying to install specific version of a package getting error
Is it possible for a X server to have multiple displays?
iptraf doesn't work on Ubuntu 16.04
ffmpeg command not working on ec2
grep a certain format, is this possible?
Why do the outputs of those apt invocations differ?
Start X11 server on CentOS 7 without screen but with a graphics card
Is there a way to use parameter substitution to run one curl against two different servers?
Script to launch an application with dedicated graphics card (Fedora 25)
How to restrict SSH to allow remote tunnelling only (no local)?
How can I get `expect` to ignore $ (dollar sign) in a password?
Ghost NTP server on Debian 8.6
How do I parse optional arguments in a bash script if no order is given?
No locale console Debian Stretch
Vagrant share command missing
Using the /tmp folder for backups, recommended?
How to grep all xml files that do not begin with "<"
Dropbox refuses to start without X
Mount a USB unit via ssh to transfer music using Amarok
i686-cm-linux-gcc: Command not found
Find the number of files with sizes
How to cancel and keep reverse-i-search?
How to install texlive full on Kali Linux?
Perl script to compare two consecutive lines for the first character and ignore the second line if both first characters are same
Installing Debian on Embedded system with serial console or network console (PCH)
Why my manufacturer splash screen is not showing?
How to configure certain programs to always open in full screen?
replace the the first line of all .sh files in a folder
VSFTP user login & activity monitoring
How can I un-write protect file made by tee?
systemd: How do you query a service's status?
Setting default udisk2 NTFS option for removable drive
Returning a variable from a function
Bash prompt string appears in same line as curl command output
FreeBSD on ARM architecture?
Will yum remove mysql-server delete my databases?
autoconf save ./configure command line to config.h
Setting gnome themes inside xfce
How can you mirror the stdout of one terminal to another one?
SSH tunnel: "channel x: will not send data after close"
grant permission in linux
Renaming a bunch of files but keeping the number part
How to make tmux count windows starting from 1 instead of 0?
How does this shell command work?
How can we change root password?
How to disable tmpfs on /media in openSUSE?
How to log to file and to console
wired connection not working under Ubuntu 10.04
Restore from wastebasket shortcut?
Verify if a system has DVD burners?
creating custom mount point in / for a file system
Specifying outgoing interface for SSH tunnel
Dynamically changing the proxy server for all outgoing traffic
Is there parallel wget? Something like fping but only for downloading?
XFS vs Ext4 vs Others - which file system is stable, reliable, for long run such as 24/7 case
How to switch "/" back to writable mode without reboot?
How to use a password as an external variable in shell?
Photoshop CS5 in Fedora 15
rsync giving "Directory has vanished" when there are multiple (existing) source directories
UDF and fstab (no UUID)
Filesystem for Gentoo root?
How to act on output from a failed command
Broadcom wireless card in with Fedora 16
aircrack-ng shows negative channel
How do you construct a grep & command to match a number of patterns depending on how many are provided at runtime?
Shell is option given
Upgraded to mint 17, keyboard stuck in non-english (wrong layout) language - can't login
How to provision software across multiple laptops
Must pass urls in quotes
Installed Centos 7 after Windows and can't boot into CentOS
Hard disk drive spins up on laptop sleep/wake, can I stop it doing this?
Solution to integer expression expected
Does `sed` exist in all *nixes?
Converting .docx files to plain text and preserving line breaks to maintain line number references to source document: howto & implications?
A script to identify whether a file descriptor has gone bad
How do I make gpg-agent forget my passphrase automatically?
How to include the name in the to: address of the person you are sending mail to in mailx(UNIX-HP)
how to set block size using blockdev command
Inspect packets coming over Linux-based bridge, and run scripts when certain conditions are met
Problem Windows 8.1 Ubuntu 14.04 dual boot
Understanding %CPU while running top command
Where is bash's history stored?
Variable assignment and expansion at the same time
What to do if I get this error: `mce: [Hardware Error]: PROCESSOR 0:306c3 TIME 1511138090 SOCKET 0 APIC 0 microcode 22`?
What is maximum number of files you can store in a tar archive under Solaris 11?
How to make "xxd" place spaces between the hex values?
vimdiff: show only difference between "base" and "remote"
Nautilus file arrangment
python lsb_release not working in debian 9
NSS Version Update For Ubuntu 16.04
Using sed to replace first n lines in a file with the first n lines from another file (say n=5)
Using Bash to split XML data into variables
When fsck the `/dev/mapper/VolGroup-lv_web`, there comes error status: { DRDY ERR } error: { UNC }
Choose default cURL version
how to link pip to python3
How to run two programs simultaneously on RPi
"I am alive" for Google Computing Server
sed to insert a html values in a specific line number
scrolling with mouse wheel in konsole
bash: how to propagate errors in process substitution?
Turn off network on Raspbian
Changing the order of workspaces in Gnome Shell
rsync archive mode
windows 7 reinstallation killed grub
Launching a sudo gui from desktop
How can I count the number of words in a file whilst editing the file in vim
How to continue a script after it reboots the machine?
What do I need in my script to be able to change ownership of a directory structure that belongs to root to the current user running the bash script?
Simple sed replacement of tabs mysteriously failing
How to set WiFi password on modem - buffalo airstation g54
"error: implicit declaration of function ‘vfs_readlink’" while installing VMware Tools
What is using memory?
Use two NICs for different subnets
How can I get my lp printout to *always* be smaller and one sided?
Play .wav when text scrolls in terminal
Find a file which is 30 minutes old
Renaming the files and move to other path
KDE / LightDM - disable multiple users being logged in / 'switch user'
How to fix my llvm installation?
Difference between sdX and vdX
No logical volume groups found, LVM stuck at boot
Booting a Raspberry Pi from an NFS share
Can't Login to phpmyadmin without using password
I get the Error "mysqld dead but pid file exists"
How do I use gunzip and tar to extract my tar.gz file to the specific directory I want?
Short, simple command to create a group if it doesn't already exist?
Formatting an external HDD with Bash script
Submit an updated manpage
Querying names of a text document
Encrypting drive which has content
How to connect to an 802.1x wireless network via nmcli
How to have back the command prompt after calling an application
How do I allocate a key shortcut to moving GNOME 3 workspaces up/down?
How to monitor Memory utilization of the single process?
iptables hangs at applying rules
Screen, remote login failure, and disappearing text
Batch importing .sql files
What is Fedora's equivalent of deborphan?
Drag and drop between windows in tiling i.e. minimalist WMs?
Converting syslog-ng 3.0? format to 3.2 format
Is there some sort of PDF to text -converter?
How to ensure the bluetooth is switched off after boot up?
`p` key doesn't work in X
Prevent mplayer from changing system volume
Quoting in ssh $host $FOO and ssh $host "sudo su user -c $FOO" type constructs
What is Wayland?
Searching a text file with a single line using regular expressions
How can I customize the look of Thunderbird's mailbox list, message list, and headers?
How to pass the output of one command as the command-line argument to another?
View Script Over SSH?
How to add SLED 11 system to windows domain
How to use diff tool to take a diff between directories with libraries and source?
Discovering the number of running and blocked processes in Mac OS X
How do I type the degree symbol under X11 (using a default English keyboard layout)?
Bash script to detect the version control system by testing command return status
Is it possible to make a Microsoft LifeCam HD-5000 work under linux?
Getting wireless card to work in Debian with wpa_supplicant
Why does `man -k cron` say `vixie-cron (rpm)` for some results, and how do I read those pages?
What is the difference between Copied context output format and Unified context output format while taking diff?
Control bandwidth with iptables
Meaning of "rc5" in "linux kernel 2.6.37-rc5"
How to make Python scripts usable on Windows?
Is there any Virus attack in Linux?
How do I use redirection with sudo
How to find package by directory?
Questions about session keys used in ssh
Extend thin LVM Metadata Size
How to start an encrypted VirtualBox VM from terminal in headless mode
How to setup DHCP Relay in Debian 8?
Folder Permissions Issue
Piping the output of a bash script after redirecting stderr
External HDD won't Mount during Boot
How To Reload xserver After a Change in Keyboard Layout?
script to delete files if there is no corresponding file with the same name but a different extension in another subdirectory
GNU/Linux OOM (out of memory) freezes - solution ideas
VirtualHost issue on Debian 8
PAM failing to authenticate sudo, after successfully contacting ssh-agent
Installing s3fuse on Ubuntu ( bitnami ec2)
Decode binary output from Fortran program created on Sun Sparc system
filter out certain processes and/or pids in ftrace?
Where is the log when someone ssh my machine?
Purpose of Physical Extents
Why does 'cat useradd' succeed in this case?
Forward results of Find command to javac
Cannot find the right regex for rename
What is the default behaviour of IPv4LL on Linuxsystems?
Make bootable disk from tar archive
diff - showing changed lines in different section than inserted lines
How do I make a server automatically move files?
Why does the factor command produce nonsense on an RSA modulus?
Transparent encryption
How do you install Django when there is a problem with scl?
Why does bacula restore fail?
How do I associate an NVME drive name with a PCIe address?
diff two directories, but ignore the extensions
why jobs doesn't list commands from script
Cannot run Perl code as CGI script
Packaging Windows Application with Wine in deb and rpm format
Move specific files from multiple directories
openssh-server doesn't start in Docker container
UEFI installation failed Fedora 21
Udev rule: ACTION=="add" is working, but ACTION=="remove" isn't working!
Gnome doesn't want start
Florence doesn't show up for text fields in Midori
Build system for shell scripts
bash runs out of memory
rsync recursively with a certain depth of subfolders
Is there a difference between double quoting a variable or a whole line in echo
Why does my .bash_history contain duplicate segments?
A zypper cmd for querying repository versions of a package
XBMC crashing while playing SOME but NOT ALL videos
Editing Remote Files in Git repo
Why does a linux guest consume 100% of the host CPU under VirtualBox when the guest appears idle?
How to run Xserver with VESA driver on top using 24bpp
Can't open audio device /dev/dsp: Device or resource busy
Why can't an SGID program read a file from the same group if it's used by another user?
How is the open file table structured?
Why VMware player doesn't release the memory when running on Linux while in Windows it does?
How to use tee to capture STDOUT from a code block to a filename defined within the block?
Run script on receipt of email
Digital Photograph Forensics Software for Linux
No longer able to reach the Internet on Kali Linux
How to enable Vesa driver in qemu
Gmail instant new mail notifier for Debian 7 systems?
Can't boot Linux Mint nor Ubuntu
xorg.conf to choose one of Intel & NVIDIA or use both at the same time (not a optimus, separated two graphic)
How to use variables inside single quotes
GNOME: Bottom task bar is missing/blank after upgrade
nmap -sn lists all active hosts on my network, but nmap -sL does not
How to install apt on Ubuntu 10.10 with no dpkg
Full desktop experience to another computer
Route outgoing traffic to different gateway based on port
Partition USB to raw partition
Using sed output in another script or command
Are there other LSM (Linux Security Modules) in addition to SELinux and AppArmor?
Zsh completion duplicates folder names
if env variable exists then exit out of script
How can I dump the contents of a filesystem's superblock?
Cannot install and use Nvidia drivers (Wheezy)
ENV variables in relation to xargs loops
Sending mail to an external server?
How to know file system of any medium like hard disk, CD/DVD, flash drive?
Fedora 20 and windows 7 can't create partions
How to loop through xargs where each script uses a common env variable
Windows Remote Desktop login failed with Ubuntu Server 12.4
is it possible to determine installed packages on a secondary mounted drive?
How to securely download rpmfusion keys
What is Debian's stance regarding GCJ and OpenJDK?
Solaris find previous log line
Using nohup on Solaris 10
Why is Debian not creating the 'wheel' group by default?
Pacman/Arch: Install package(s) without really installing them
Linux advice for datalogging machine
Screen turns on automatically (xset dpms force off)
e2fsck: unable to set superblock flags on LogicalVolume
Disable mouse (not touchpad!) in Xorg while idle
How do I use SSH keys for passwordless SSH via X11 apps (like nautilus)?
count lines in a file
ssh prompts for password despite ssh-copy-id
Reassign Ctrl and Alt keys - xmodmap 'BadValue' error
IMAP mail notifier for window manager/task bar?
A tool for automatically applying RandR configuration when external display is plugged in
How can I solve wifi connection problems between Arch Linux and a WPA2 network?
Object-oriented shell for *nix
Getting visual feedback of workspace switch in xfce
How many cores can Linux kernel handle?
How to use STL in unix and linux?
Do I need to cross-compile my program when my target is 64 bit arch. and host is 32 bit arch from x86 family?
What killed Beagle?
Fake serial number of USB device
How do you highlight ops' messages in Irssi?
Program that passes STDIN to STDOUT with color codes stripped?
Why did Debian create the DFSG?
What is a "loop device" when mounting?
Diagnosing xmodmap errors
NIS and autofs error
How to disable virtual keyboard on GDM screen
find files with .xyz extension but only return records when two terms are found
Ways to add recipients in mailx
Can't ping 2 machines through a switch
Do file descriptors optimise writing to files?
How nsswitch call sssd for credential?
Hibernate command very important security problem
Get the domain name from IP address
What's the lifespan of a file descriptor?
When were background processes invented?
How to send `--files-from` with newline special character in rsync?
h.264 video codec in konqueror
How to add a CentOS repo, having URL of Packages
Why is my program slower, despite using more threads?
Unexpected outcome of a="$@"
How to prevent a process from writing to the systemd journal?
Perl script for generating MAC addresses
Sourcing a script containing `echo ${BASH_SOURCE[0]}` still shows the pathname of the sourced script
Two keyboard keys with same ouput?
How can I get a script file to return to its initial prompt after a command is entered? (with loop)?
Can I use awk to perform some number or string operations, without specifying a file as input?
Sourcing .bashrc inside script doesn't update the env variables
In awk, when is a function definition executed?
Is it safe to send SIGUSR1 to a program, and why?
regex to add missing quotes
Bash-Script: How to insert Variables into Bash-Script?
Is the an elegant way to select rows in a file where a given column has a given value?
Send sar series to grafana
What is the correct syntax for rsyslog's re_match()?
Linux how to get window title with just shell script?
How to make tun0 appear after openvpn installation without rebooting?
How to compare dates (line by line) and get a date range?
Call functions from bashrc in inputrc
Variable Substitution
Can't install kali and Windows 10 as dual boot. How can I fix this error?
Install Viber on Debian 9
Command substitution is adding a newline?
Basic useradd question
Trying to delete a word-final characters with sed regex
Why doesn't xenodm starts the X Window System by default in OpenBSD?
Why can't I grep this way?
How can I prevent smartd from reporting that it cannot find a disk?
Draw a borderless webkit window on the desktop?
zsh: Is it worth the switch from bash? Is it the time?
Guake is not opening
Viewing shared segments created by shmget
Acpid and Startup Brightness
Update not working properly
"rm -rf Filename.iso " Permission denied
Why do some Linux files have a 'd' suffix?
find which system is transmitting through a particular port
Chroot in to reinstall Grub2 reinstall, mnt/ is empty
How to add printer ricoh 2018d?
Trimming one part if equal to another part?
Can I have a bridged interface without an IP?
Supress expansion of * in echo
emacs copy and paste
Is there an easy way to change bash suggestions?
Command substitution - single quotes and spaces
What scripting language can I use to automate a concatenation & zipping process?
cut command, order not preserved?
Why is USB not working in Linux when it works in UEFI/BIOS?
Can't start vsftpd on Fedora
Is there a way to convert IE favourites to Firefox's bookmark.htm format?
ssh-add -D doesn't erase stored keys from the ssh-agent
Laptop camera. How to get detailed information about it?
Running one OS per core
Alternative to xxd for QNX
finger and who commands usage
Where do file managers save their bookmarks?
Transfer 150GB of files from an old MacBook Pro with Ubuntu 13.04 Live DVD
Using sshpass, return code (exit status) differs for reasons unknown using valid commands
Show sum of file sizes in directory listing
Traceroute doesn't work on Linux, on Windows it does
XML parsing using xmllint and customizing the output
How can I list ONLY open ports in a range with nc
What does the leading part of Bash's default PS1 in Ubuntu mean?
How to specify unix socket in nginx config? ( unix: or unix:// )
Ambiguous error while executing ksh file
awk -i inplace causes file to be empty
How to make my sysvinit service work on as many distros as possible?
Implementing NAT Hairpin/Loopback for tcp hole punching
DNS lookup fails on first time, but second lookup works
How to run Rscript on multiple files to get table of separated outcomes named as original files?
Available options for real-time Linux (Centos 7) and their relation to one another
Redirecting input from cron job
Grep/sed/awk solution to excludes lines between two search keywords
Run shell command from Ansible
systemd-networkd - wifi fails to connect sometimes
Bash String Manipulation and Assignment
Raspbian: Can't see newly created file in /boot on sd card
How can I change the character of a string one by one?
fail2ban too slow, banning after the attack
Directory stack order discrepancy in zsh
Start Repl/CLI in Background and Feed Commands
Having the 'id_rsa.pub' file in my dotfiles public repo securely
Forward all ports SSH
How can I hook on to one terminal's output from another terminal?
Lightweight Debian based distro?
Difference between eval and alias commands
Pre-specifying a default GNU Stow target-directory
Where can you host a custom Linux Distribution?
mpg321 doesn't autoplay songs
Ubuntu - PulseAudio - reciever losing sync always
Specify which interpreter to use at command line
Strange df output after ddrescue clone
SSH to a server from inside a VM
How to securely randomize the order of the characters in a string?
Fordward xclock graphical interface
Must every process group belong to one process session?
Can't determine why exit code is not being logged
`root` vs `sudo` from ulimit POV
Generate between interval while having overflow
A mounted device is busy because bash is using the volume
Naturally scroll past end of last line in vim
how to find NIC card Bandwith in linux using native commands
Print statistics of a text file
Do progress reports/logging information belong on stderr or stdout?
How can I find out if a read error on a optical disk is due to corrupted file system or physical damage?
Why does ssh-copy-id need verbose LogLevel to work in this case?
Security ramification of using this line in visudo: yourUSERname	ALL=(otherUSERaccount) NOPASSWD: ALL
Making a backup using rsync from two locations which contain the a lot of the same files
Create symbolic link recursively for pictures with unique filename altough timestamp is not enough
Native speech recognition software for Linux
Symbolic link with option
System-Level Network Security (Packet Classification and etc.) - SELinux and Libnftnl
Can't add docker0 interface to trusted zone with firewalld
Connection to host closed by remote host. Exit status -1
Extract file from docker image?
How to make a script run like a daemon waiting for changes in 2 files?
Command Substitution using ``
Do system calls call themselves?
Why doesn't sudo -E keep my $HOME environment variable?
how to keep track gnome extensions download and install progress?
/dev/mmcblk0 partitions limit
Call a script for another script, but don't exit the parent if the child calls exit
Write before the cursor
How to update .bashrc with PATH
Give specific user permission to kill other users with logind?
Increasing volume causes left/right channels to be unbalanced
Would like to change directory to the result of which function
sudo apt-get update not working in elementary os freya
Linux install command
dropbox process stops when I log out of ssh
How to rename or delete an alias permanently from system?
Installing mailx on ubuntu 14.04.2
NetCat ignoring (not sending) network data to broadcast addresses
blessdiff for the "full featured hexadecimal editor"?
Where is RAX-ARGOFFSET defined?
Sed is unable to copy temporary file to original file
Manually connect to Wi-Fi access point (AP) despite preconfigured APs in wpa_supplicant
What does it mean to run a process in background?
Bash script strange behavior - script does not act as manual commands
Possible to pipe command using su via ssh
Can I trust in memory information of dmicode?
Really need to understand CENTOS fdisk -l output
Set up interfaces file on Debian for Lan
LFTP exclude file extensions
Randomly copy certain amount of certain file type from one directory into another
using shell script to posting Json body to curl by loop
Ctrl + b + % doesn't work in tmux
Puzzle with compilation of default.aspx.cs under Ubuntu 16.04 failing upon http://127.0.0.1/default.aspx
FTP Sync via GVFS
Why is my loop not continuing properly in my rock paper scissors game?
Failed to get D-Bus connection: unknown error -1
Print recursively all directories and subdirectories
Get back free space lost with resize2fs
Kali linux no wlan0 interface
Should LVM2 logical volumes on a solid state drive have ~25% free space?
How Widely Used is Polkit?
How do I get bash to give a relevant error for a file with windows line-endings?
My NIC speed is 1g per second why scp speed is 120MB per second
Can backups of root mounted to a logical volume be restored to a larger logical volume?
Mixing audio tracks in a video file in Linux
FreeBSD - major and minor upgrades using ports?
Why my 3TB disk shows an actual size of ~800 GB with several tools except smart tools?
Does programmer use device files as interface to device drivers in their programs?
Why isn't my apache authentication working?
Why don't emacs keybindings work on Mint 17.1?
FFMPEG - Interpolate frames or add motion blur
How to disable mail search in tracker-needle?
Forwarding X11 not working - Error: Can't open display: localhost:11.0
Dual boot windows 8.1 and CentOS 7 on separate drives
Locked out of my own mac terminal?
Unsetting environment variable with an empty name
Hop scp and sshfs using ssh tunnels
Filter out inconsistent data blocks
splitting a file by column number
Where are the default font preferences in a modern Unix desktop stored (those which affect the choice of the font by an uncustomized Emacs 24)?
Safe to uninstall CUPS?
Save exit code for later
Where is php config and .htaccess located on Raspbian?
getting error for sudo apt-get upgrade?
Logging in through ssh tunnel with rsa key still giving password prompt
Pattern Search between specific lines and print line numbers
Change the kernel in downloaded Ubuntu Image
External hard drive can't be mounted on linux(windows says: Format it)
Unable to source .profile and .nvm/nvm.sh from .bashrc
Interface doesn't come up in docker run
How does Linux upgrade packages that are in use?
Execute command in another terminal and closing it without killing command
pureos tty terminal not rendering special characters
Shortcut to clear swap on demand
How to input some message into kmsg by printk on web page
Using "sed" to uncomment lines matching a certain pattern
Swap partition is used only when RAM usage is to the full
Limit bandwidth on a specific port in CentOS 7?
With Ansible, is it possible to connect connect to hosts that are behind Cloud IAP (Identity-Aware Proxy) in GCP?
Parsing a CSV file with comma in one of its field
Delete lines which have more number of specific word
Running Thinkorswim on Linux (Mint 19)
Exported ova failed to import in xcp-ng center
Possible to do silent/unattended install of XFCE/KDE on debian?
What is the difference between IXON and IXOFF tty attributes?
How to write to /var/log/system.log on a Mac
Using Regex from command line to extract number
removing a stray bootloader after installing Ubuntu on a USB drive
Unable to run DNS queries when response is bigger than 512 Bytes and truncated
Restrict users from seeing the command line history
Tool to edit CSS from script (better than `sed`)
Firewalld rules per user or users group
Wildcard does not work with rename when renaming filenames in folder
nmcli freedesktop DBus warnings and errors
mkdir with date function behaves differently in script
Postfix error: not yet authorized to deliver mail
How to calculate the average number of columns across the rows as well as the maximum numbers of columns in a file in unix?
SSH from client to embedded linux through server
How to split rows in a huge data file based on number of column within them in linux ?
Can't create an alias on Cent OS 6.8
Both OpenSSH v5.3 (yum) OpenSSH 7.5 (manually installed) are coexisting, need to remove v5.3 properly
How to export CA certificate chain from PFX in PEM format without bag attributes
Save U-Boot environment variables without Flash connected
How can I mount a subfolder of a shared folder?
How can I get a vfat pendrive to automount as posixovl filesystem?
No Default Gateway route for bond0 / Slave eth* interface gets IP assigned
How does this bash alias to repeat the last command as sudo work?
Is there another simple way to append line to end of file other than `>>`?
How to restrict restrict remote administration software to one domain name?
How to autoremove with apt?
How to escape in YAML the correct way?
Applying Linux rt patch
Extracting values from a file keyed by multiple keys
readlink -f not working on multiple files
Searching a word from a specific dictionary file in sdcv(console version of Stardict offline dictionary)
How to concatenate a variable number of csv, removing their header rows?
Using 'lftp' as a FTPS (not SFTP) client on SuSE Linux ES 11
Getting the redirection URL of a phishing
find files in linux with some exceptions
How to create backup from symbolic links and from files, too?
Export path with space in directory name
Can I Mix Multiple Nameserver Sources in resolv.conf
Should I use separate log files or log everything to the journal?
Script which takes details from file & runs command
how is a keyboard shortcut given to the correct program?
Jetson TK1 boot issues
Create folder as Apache with user add Centos
using tee to output intermediate results to stdout instead of files
How limit the storage space for a user?
How do I make an output for grep fail?
remove lines from an output file from diff
Installing RPM packages with circular dependency
Search and Replace question
Enable 1440p on CentOS 6 (VirtualBox Guest)
Computing differences of column entries
Problem connecting with Beagleboard through serial?
Creating a live USB without persistence or access to hard drive
Strip off word pattern at the end of string using sed
How can I find the CPU resource utilization of a process and all its children
Best way to connect to all X displays
How much RAM and CPU for a NTP server?
bridge or route wlan traffic to eth
Why getting these "Permission Denied"s in POSIX find-grep readable?
Evince missing font in application menu
Fedora Touchpad Stopped Working After Update
Simple if command not working in csh script
wget - how to reject string from downloading html pages
What is "All shells and programs that use exec*p library calls handle searching"?
Explanation of sed in shell script
Skip Arch Linux Login Screen on RPi
Decrease USB Detection Time in Linux?
Remove all files with a prefix except the one of the largest size
How to create a LUKS encrypted file in a vboxsf mountpoint?
Find a text in a file and Insert a text after it
How do I update Ubuntu when package system is broken?
Split xls file into small xls files
Dual Boot Windows 10 with Ubuntu
Unsupported HTTP response code 429
How do I list all commands in GNU info?
HP Envy X2 linux install
Metric on connections and magic 20000 value added
Can a port use multiple interfaces for communication?
How do I share my Windows Music Library with my Linux Library?
How to Hide Dnsmasq version number?
Terminals not frozen, but won't execute certain commands
How to echo last word after / of a link (url)
file lock existence check on remote host
Why text in the gnome-terminal has characters slightly overlapping themselves
How do I detect when a monitor is plugged in or unplugged without acpi, xrandr, /sys and udev?
Hide "You have old mail" message when logging into shell?
Json transformation using jq
Text filtering using SED or AWK
Size command is not recognized, thought installed correctly
Linux becomes very slow
Writing a script containing just one function definition v.s. moving the code in function body to the script?
Get string between two strings
Get the version and OS type of the host
Bulk renaming filenames containing space with Linux built-in tool
Adding "sudo" commands to the bash history of the *target* user
What is the format in date command to display the current date as "DATE: 27/11/17
Add line "component $c set_parameter" only where there no spacing at beginning in a.cfg file
GRUB Installation problem on Arch Linux system install
How to copy/paste from xfce4-terminal to another xfce4-terminal while in vim?
Make webserver on vps only accessable to vpn member
Why am I not able to compile this package?
User cannot see a directory in /var/www, thought the directory is there
Does a process’s parent have any significance from the perspective of its child?
Wrong sector size in NVMe
xrandr rotation does not work properly on DisplayLink monitor
How to send ethernet frames from one veth to another?
How clear 'at' queue?
How Do I Setup Domains In NGINX?
ip address validation for setting up open vps
Is there a map of package names across the different package management systems?
Debian 7 apt is upgrading my custom backported package with the "official" identical version!
PHP exec expect script with SCP then SSH
Switch between runlevel with init command in bash script … init 3 to init 5
What does @ mean in the hostname part of a .rhosts file in Solaris?
Is there a way to use ssh remotely without configure the firewall?
Differing outputs of the commands "ls .*" and "ls *."
Launch Iceweasel (Firefox) window undecorated
CentOS 5: My Postgresql server version is different with my psql client. What should I do?
How can I install file-roller for CentOS 6 to use in Gnome?
Installing mailx on Openelec, Raspberry PI
How can I move a file to another user's directory?
Mysql import the most recent file from a directory
Instaling Linux on a machine with Asrock Z87 Extreme 6
How to query installed packages with specific use flag?
tinyproxy with user authentication
Grub doesn't install - corrupted iso?
Extract date from a variable in a different format
Kernel recognizes USB device but then I can't find it in /sys or /dev
How to find where I have set "umask 077"?
How to use variables in sed
What is MEAN (on Ubuntu)?
Android Emulator on Arch Linux
WMA conversion for playitslowly
less --quit-if-one-screen without --no-init
Problem with command promp cycling when using colors and trying to put git branches on the command prompt
How do I go about removing all my wifi tools in Arch?
Wordpress won't recognize the MySQL database
Using Fedora 19 to burn .iso-image to external HDD
How can I convert Persian numerals in UTF-8 to European numerals in ASCII?
No sound on fresh install of Debian
Search by pattern, and copy within the same folder but with a different name
Proper way distribute several scientific experiments across multiple servers?
Echo semicolon in bash
Edit the editor in bash and other shells
How can I add an include line to an XKB configuration file?
How to Run `reinstall xkb-data` for Broken Installation in Live USB?
How to remove the same size files in a directory?
HTML5 video performance
How do I configure Broadcom Wifi Drivers on Gobolinux?
How to compress all files in folder and erase the untared versions via command line?
How to control X11 viewport from an application
How to give an arbitrary name for a register in vim
Why you cannot `git pull SHA...650839#file-diff.pach`?
Remove leading whitespace before possible shebang
Why am I able to open this file?
Vimdiff copy above/below
Run fish script in background?
"autostart" from screenrc
Join seven files with awk line-by-line
Encrypt partition and LV afterwards
cat doesn't join my files when I run inside script
Iptables redirecting specific TCP/UDP Ports to VPN (tun1)
PID is different if starting with init.d
Gnu/Linux: export results of find command including file creation date
FreeBSD natd port forwarding
Sum in bash outside while read line
KDE is broken after update today to Debian Testing/Bullseye
Adding entropy to /dev/random
Why less won't be displayed during the execution of a command substitution?
Skype Linux Mint: no device found when running as user
grub2win boot iso bug
imagemagick can't find files inside subdirectory
Using ControlPath/ControlMaster as well as ssh-agent?
"Software Index is Broken"
Still can't login without password after ssh-copy-id command success
Checking dirs for duplicate trees
gnu sed trying to use OR operator with groups but not working
After update, Synaptics touchpad gives lethargic pointer
archive.ubuntu.com missing raring-updates
mysql jdbc connection issues in RHEL 6
alias Not able to execute source command
Terminal emulator for Android that supports viewing images?
How do you hide "Generic USB SD Reader" in nemo file manager when a card is not present?
Using /proc/stat for the number of processes running on the system
How to change ssh log location from /var/log/secure to custom location in rhel 6?
No eth0 after HD transplant
Is reading a youtube video only for sound possible in command line?
How do I dual-boot Kali Linux With ISO (no CD/USB/DVD)
How to increase the memory used by Java in linux?
Convert linux symlink to osx symlink
ifconfig command not found
Files are missing and I want to know what happened to them
xkb ɛ with acute accent
How can I install Fedora with a newer kernel?
Frequency of words in non-English language text: how can I merge singular and plural forms etc.?
cheese doesn't work in beagleboneblack installed with angstrom, using chipsee LCD
Grepping a variable
Where did nvidia-driver go?
Linux console: only kernel messages are printed
How to install D-Link DWA-510 for Debian 7?
Late running of scripts during bootup, ending with a reboot without the login prompt
Strange difference between pwd and /bin/pwd
can't cd to or mkdir in directory, despite 777 permissions
Populate alias DB from a bash script
port and associated service
Headers For 4.12.0-kali1-amd64 or Location of Kali 4.13 Installer
Anyone know what Awe is?
BASH - Simple script with rm command doesn't work
Centos 7 - Can't download RPM (Trying to connect with IPV6)
How to capture tail -f output from remote host indefinitely
Images (e.g. with Clonezilla) of Windows and Linux on a UEFI computer
Seems like some basics are missing from ubuntu...or I haven't set them up?
Using curl results in error: "Library not loaded: /usr/local/lib/libcurl.4.dylib ..."
sudo: setreuid(ROOT_UID, user_uid): Operation not permitted
iptables -I FORWARD -j DROP does not cut existing connections
foolproof way to detect if java process is running
Why I have a HAproxy error 503 while web servers are up and running?
Errors trying to execute a Metasploit script
Adding a new column using information from subheadings
How to add meta information to aid menu search on Linux Mint 17.1
How to unwrap a tunneled packet in iptables/netfilter and process the tunneled packet
How to delete files from a directory based on the contents of a gzipped tar file?
What are the Linux shells that allow network traffic management (sending/receiving data to/from `/dev/tcp/host/port`) via redirectors?
State of ucblogo package in debian / raspbian
Is it possible to echo characters directly to network?
Don't show first line with common key bindings in mutt's menus
How to disable systemctl unit?
Wget and curl can work normally, but ping fails
Disable null password for root user on Sunsolaris machine?
`EINTR`: is there a rationale behind it?
fatal error: avr/io.h: No such file or directory compilation terminated
How to set the DPI in a Hi-Res screen? The default setting is too small
What is the information present inside a kernel core dump
FreeBSD equivalent of Linux's "xt_bpf" filtering module
Retrieve data from mem cache
Resize2fs doesn't extend my file system to the size of the partition
Is insecure to give users permissions to apps in /opt?
Can't exit Vim with :!q
`open` command to open a file in an application
How to install lampp (php7) on Manjaro?
How to have netcat server close after n seconds
Inline debug (xtrace) in scripts
Pattern highlighting command
Find Directory if Number of files is over X
How to find out when a mounted file system or device was mounted?
how to get PID and State of certain Processes
deleting directory with large amount of files with rsync -a delete
bash: cd: /opt/ts3soundboard: Permission denied
Can I auto-complete by tab in zsh with regular expression
Scrolling with mouse while right button held down
Elasticsearch error on Head command
xinit: giving up can't start xinit
bug in vim editing, caused by tab or diacritics?
How to detect the architecture of the chroot from inside the chroot?
Iterate through an array and add new items to the array
Why doesn't echo called as /bin/sh -c echo foo output anything?
How to change the default use of detox, so it just doesn't replace spaces by underscores
Hard drive spins down & back up again every 10 seconds; no access shown in `fatrace`
Problems with terminal opening URL
How to create a dynamic greeting?
Any way to specify process to call on Linux when OOM activates?
Debian: "update-command-not-found" IOError: Not a gzipped file
scp command working in bash doesn't work in zsh
How to save boot.log between reboots?
linux + awk + file manipulation
How overwriting works for non-contiguous files?
How to store an image file in bash variable?
How to update Puppy Linux?
rxvt and Inconsolata (a font)
Which MP3 tagging tool for Linux?
keep duplicates out of $PATH on source
How can I run keychain in a way that only has the first shell prompt for keys on startup?
How to use un-allocated space and create partitions accordingly in a script?
A noob question about sudo/pseudo
Unable to locate package `docker-ce` on a Ubuntu Cloud 18.04 LTS
Python 3.6 installation on CentOS 7
Using "sed" to append to end of a file
How can I manipulate contents of a text file into a new output file
Linux bdev filesystem
Can I retain part of a filename when using the gpg command and searching for a file with a wildcard?
Ubuntu 18.04, networking static routing
libinput documentation? mouse configuration
Mouse left click not working in Ubuntu 16.04
Arch Linux: Wi-Fi Not Automatically Starting On Boot
Allow SFTP access but not SSH access with Active Directory groups (not local logins)
Unable to execute file with superuser priviliges
Is it possible to install smtp-user-enum on macOS?
dm snapshot - how does it work?
What theme works well for both GTK2 and GTK3 applications?
How to refresh or reload rc.conf in ranger file manager?
Copying specific text from one file into a schema
What is the most accurate way to measure disk read/write speed for an OpenVZ VPS host from within the host itself?
Hard disk spins down and up too frequently when on battery
What's the practical difference between `command` and $(command)?
Find out exact installation time of CentOS
Multiple bindings for the same action
Command for finding open ports
Shell script not working to open LimeChat through the terminal
Make apt-get update and upgrade automate and unattended
How to write a script that will open up multiple tabs in the terminal?
Are nautilus and command-line commands the same?
Is the Minix 3 license GPL compatible?
Windows in Gnome on Ubuntu 10.10 are frozen
Graphics driver for Linux Mint 16 on Acer Aspire 5100 laptop
Safely using a hard drive dock
Search Alt+F2 history in Cinnamon desktop environment
Can't cat a file or make a directory: contradictory output?
Temporary files problem
SSH access from inside and outside a LAN using the same terminal command
"No Ethernet card" while installing debian stable
I've tried twice to write a debian ISO to a cd-r but there are write errors. Are the disks ruined?
Midnight Commander, using date in User menu
How to uninstall BOOST 1.49 and install BOOST 1.54 in ubuntu?
Shell script to detect PDFs with non-ASCII contents
How can I get this java command to act on each file found by a find command?
command like wc but with tee behaviour
List of available fonts with samples
mdadm raid0 with disks of different size?
How can I configure /etc/hosts file to point to apache web server?
USB 3G Modem for embedded Linux?
Joli OS on ARM devices
Can I configure XFCE terminal the way to open all the new terminals as tabs of one window?
Memory Stick Partially Corrupt 
How can I change 'change' date of file?
Tiny font on Fedora 16
Notification out of screen
Substituting the first occurrence of a pattern in a line, for all the lines in a file with sed
Windows host shares doesn't get mount when I boot into Linux guest in vmware?
Errors when loading terminal
arping equivalent for IPv6
can we know the password for the other users if we have root access?
caching a master passphrase on a linux server
ssh: "Error reading response length from authentication socket"
Linux - get shared memory values from Perl script
Zsh — more intelligent autocorrection
proper permissions under HTTP root with Apache2 + FastCGI + Suexec
Mint 12, workspaces and two screens
Thunar file manager: Sort by column keyboard shortcut?
Linux Home Firewall
How do I quickly build and test the kernel if I want to modify a system call
MIME type changes if file edited in *nix systems
Mutt Hide Headers with Shortcut
rename(1)-like script in Perl, but for copying files?
What is an orphaned inode?
Delete specific line numbers (passed as variable) from a file in linux
Mixing yum repos for different OS major versions does not work
Copying current command line to clipboard
open several directories from the terminal as tabs inside a single file manager window
how to grant openLDAP user login in three Linux servers only
How to collapse one column whilst aggregating another
Nginx reverse proxy redirection
linux + yum + how to print the yum variables by yum command
Multiple logical operators, ((A || B) && C), and "syntax error near unexpected token"
Unknown network connections in nethogs (is it safe?)
linux + dose each security kernel rpm will install the relevant initrd and vmlinuz files under /boot
What does mounting a filesystem with user_xattr do?
Vi undo updated file?
"leaky bucket" style disk io throttling using linux kernel
How could I search pattern of one file in to another and save the result of each pattern in new file
Fedora 23: how to take screenshot with context menu window opened on the screen
How to properly install missing firmware during Debian setup
constant "enter passphrase for public key" by ssh
Install mysql-server 5.6 on Debian Wheezy
Strange MTU value from ping
Ctrl+Alt+F1 not working on vnc
CentOS 8 NFS - showmount hangs
rsync (but also other commands) run with nohup gets sigterm
Append text to start of last line
Why are my boolean outputs behaving this way?
how to parse the xml that have multiple properties and names
List of files with a certain suffix in my path and its subdirectories, listed with their last update date
Swpackage doesn't set the state of a fileset
Counting no.of text files under a directory in shell scripting
Handling Large Amounts Of Folders In Linux, Best Structure For Efficiency
Cant install Comic Stack in Zorin
Why process started by systemd is unavailable to other processes
Root "/" directory is consumed 100% and the system restarts, need to find the root cause as after the restart the usage is down to 75%
How to use HDD from ubuntu server on windows 10 VirtualBox?
grep pairs of patterns and file
Hardware Acceleration
(Bash) For Loop Not Functioning Properly
Why can't I find the symbol tables in the C libraries in MacOS?
Finding the Count for a String on Multiple Zipped Files in Multiple Directories (non aggregated)
Start module before boot
How to compile the original first World Wide Web Browser (Nexus, by Tim B. Lee) on Debian stretch with GNUstep?
Executing remote command just before remote server terminates connection
Old CentOS 5.6, Due to github.com delete the TLSv1/TLSv1.1 support, How can I access to github.com/repo.git using git system
How to start git-daemon at boot?
How can I be sure that an application is running on same cpu/core that its TCP send flow is?
Creating terminal application on gnome3 dock with the dots
Difference between Failed Authentications and Failed Logins in aureport
Why is this `dd` command producing `Resource busy` errors?
How to configure multiple physical ethernet ports in RHEL6?
Yum fails because http://mirrorlist.centos.org/?release=7&arch=x86_64&repo=os is not reachable?
What if all signal are ignored?
How to disable Xorg Logging
Why does "cat {foo}" not output foo, but "cat {foo,bar}" does?
Check whether any value is zero using jq and return 0 to the calling shell script
How to change camera info in Exif using command line
*ix based Morphing software?
How do you prevent user from opening a program?
Understanding output of ps -ef on linux
Using Putty/plink to scp to a named pipe
32 bit appplication on 64 bit linux not working
sed substitution matches too many inputs
Actkbd as service with systemd
List of available command options?
Is there a way to undo the 'cpp' command in terminal?
Why the inode value of shadow file changes?
No networking for Centos under VirtualBox
How to list all unique ip address currently connected to a specific port?
POSIX conformance: NetBSD 5.1 <sys/time.h> gettimeofday declaration
What are the benefits of the new teaming driver?
Execute a command on multiple hosts, but only print command if it is successful?
Change $TERMINFO in bashrc script
unable to install rpm packages in gnome3 (openSUSE 12.1)
How to know reason of a process going to sleep state and wake it up?
Editing Adobe PageMaker (.pmd) files in debian
pdf viewer for command line only
How to see output of a running program over ssh
Pacman Full system upgrade failure
Download list of files if they don't already exist
Logfiles for non terminating processes
How to stop bash replacing commands in history with asterisks ? (‘*’)
Why using rpm if there's yum?
How to run programs with arguments like 'arg=val' (e.g. dd) in rc shell (Linux version ported from Plan9 OS)?
How to set umask for a system-user?
How to see complete list of processes in top
repeat twice each couple of strings in a for cycle
loop to paste specific files in different directories
How to skip file in sed if it contains regex?
HDCP Software Implementation
Why are my drives referred to as '(hda0,msdos5)' etc in grub instead of (hda0,5), (hda0,sda5) etc that you usually see?
CentOS eth0 not starting
Force to use specific DNS provider at network
D-Link Wireless N 150 USB Adapter on Ubuntu
In which log should I check for udev errors?
Vim interface on web browser input fields?
How to crop a particular part of a YouTube video clip?
Can I read and write to the same file in Linux without overwriting it?
How to grab the audio channel from an MP4 video file into a separate audio file?
Canon iP3600 under Scientific Linux
How can I configure OpenBox session for opening files by mime type?
Can I build a linux distro with libc instead of glibc
Know which partitions are primary and which logical
Replace very long string in files recursively
Spoofing or removing DHCP client hostname in response to DHCP server
Difference between `ls -c` and `ls -t`
Regex alternation/or operator (foo|bar) in GNU or BSD Sed
How to prevent octal dump (od) returning?
Fusermount mounting SSHFS directory works manually but not automatically?
how to set alias for the folder in Linux
Compare two directiory excluding the files extensions
Check if a file is opened by another process
How to replace different text on a single line from a csv?
How much RAM, Diskspace and CPU time is used by a script
How can a systemd service flag that is is ready, so that other services can wait for it to be ready before they start?
Removing leading dots from find command output when used with -exec echo {} option
Does keeping empty space in /home/$username has any benefit?
sed or awk: remove string which starts with number and ends with rpm
Replace strings with match from another file, join not possible
Can cp -r replace the cp -a in this case?
Is there a csh to bash script translator?
How to recover home backup into almost new Debian?
lookbehind and using it with grep in Vi?
Can I share a device from under /dev across hosts?
renaming a fat16 volume
how does linux update page table after context switch
Looking for /procfs documentation, describing values and units of measurement
VPN, one server, multiple clients
Virtual TTY jumps to the next on launching from the Openbox menu
A hidden process, what it is?
Is there a command which lists installed applications based on whether they use GTK2 or GTK3?
How to achieve the effect of chroot in userspace in Linux (without being root)?
Run service after logging in on an X session
svn backup bash script errors
libxml2.so.2: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
How to remove character and space from a string
Uniquely identifying java processes with same name
Open screen in terminal after user login
How can I preserve new lines coming from a command's output during variable assignment?
How to count the number of words and print the lines that match exactly a given pattern?
Error mounting drives
awk + print line only if the first field start with string as Linux1
How to remove multiple blank lines from a file?
Get diff changes between original files installed with apt and current files
why ss(8) understands listening UDP ports differently than netstat(8)?
Why does this work: "cp image.bin /dev/mapper/loop0p1"?
How to get GPU acceleration working for my old PC?
Output of `java -version` not matched by grep or awk
Looking for a yum package repository containing apache subversion
Why should 'Character Classes' be preferred over 'Character Ranges' In Shell (Bash)?
What does `chown root.root $file` mean?
find . .[^.]* -type f -print0 | xargs -0 sudo chmod 664; does not work
Effect if any of changing LD_LIBRARY_PATH environnment variable on emacs fonts?
Script to check a folder, print the files then delete those files
How to trigger tmux copy-mode using bash `bind` command
Pipe and filter bash outputs in realtime
Trying to SSH to remote server from VM Ubuntu
Remove punctuation except a particular symbol in a particular position
What's the default value of the admin_reserve_kbytes kernel parameter?
scrypt key calculator
How to enable clipboard sharing on Ubuntu VirtualBox?
polkit rule: determine if user is an admin?
Linux LVM stripe gives the same amount of free space vs. Linear?
Is there a Linux terminal emulator with equivalent functionality to iTerm2 triggers?
xrandr doesn't list display port
Old Nvidia GPU and Linux
How to update value in a file using sed linux
Command for "wait for the job to finish and then begin another job"?
Does polkit.Result.NO deny actions even to the root user?
How to find the string in the list of .gz files?
Convert json file to a "key-path" with the resulting value at the end of each "key-path"
extract lines containing patterns file and save them in different files grep, sed, awk, print
Linux booting to initramfs on fresh load
Could not load the Qt platform plugin "xcb"
Virtual Machine Linux OS
How can I get "tmux choose-tree" to highlight in a monochrome terminal?
Why does systemd update trigger to build initramfs?
Merge two texts with comparison of the rows and select one text's rows if some columns are similar
Why does ls --ignore=file not work with a *?
dump level not working?
Determine the application client is using to connect
How to set CPU freq individually?
List lastest modified or newly created files in linux
how to avoid garbage option error on grep command
A command to know if some file are "only" an hard link and "not" a symlink
How do I make my system only use swap when RAM is totally full?
How do I install Apache as a "service unit"?
APT version conflicts across different architectures even with Multi-Arch: same?
find process 0 in ps tree
Methods to copy a file or a folder one linux server to another linux server
Changing current directory with a bash script?
wget and scp as a pipeline
Multiple network interface
Joining two csv files on common column and removing the second last column
X11 ignores preferred mode
Archlinux failed to boot: can't access tty: job control turned off
unable to locate package error on fedora
No internet connection in chroot environment (customizing iso)
How can I prevent a desktop monitor screen from going to sleep when inactive on CentOs 7 Linux?
Grep multiple lines with different patterns
Install a package manually -Debian
Why is sudoedit writing to a temporary directory?
dirname and basename vs parameter expansion
remove an added path from PATH?
How can I make tcsh echo the time that a command is executed, before it is executed?
Reset link counters
Tmux raspbian installation
How to modify files on Unix to avoid file purging policy?
ser2net + socat + gammu. socat terminating
How to set date with Epoch format
1:1 NAT through VM VPN
Is there anyway to create a link that acts just like a shortcut?
fsck will update inode or not in read only filesystem
input method to type math symbols?
CSV columnar reformat with SED (or anything other coreutil)
Unable to understand printing array results for awk?
Java problem - RHEL
Why POSIX left `$(expression)` in awk unspecified?
.desktop file execute error message
Cracking root user: Automating logging into root using "su" from nonroot user
Installing OpenFlow inside Ubuntu error: glibconfig.h: No such file or directory
SSH into a remote server; but my organization has blocked port 22
No output when running script on startup (but correct output if run manually)
How to get Unicode values of dead keys from mediumraw console keyboard
tar extraction also automatically decompresses
Shared IRQs not operating properly
RDX Cartridge change not recognized
How to use the bash builtin to replace the output of a subshell or function
how to program the terminal emulator so it can trigger actions based on action keys
adding a virtual NIC to linux
How to set an indentifier for multiple background processes?
Renumber encrypted partition - sda3 to sda5
Fedora system doesn't finish booting unless a display was connected - why?
Ordering services with path activation and target in systemd
Assign a variable to each line of the output and loop through it in bash
A process to check if other processes are running?
Script to compare and delete the files based on name and extension type
SSH Key doesn't work
BASH variable name containing number issue
filtering pattern in a file using sed or grep
Could not start docker with existing LVM thin pool option
Using `find` on not existing directory
cannot switch to lxde in gnome3
How to delete a device parameter for a cgroup?
How to resolve duplicate packages due to interrupted yum update
Read a file using shell script and make 2 new files based on Name of item
Apache httpd logging
Why is my script not waiting for networking service to start before running?
Setting Threshold on log Output
Log in to Skype for Business for Office 365 using Sky
iptables open port failed
Embedded Linux OOM - help with lost RAM
apache and systemctl status
ttyACM0 and sdb created from one physical USB device
Understanding ls -s behavior
LXQt works perfectly on a fresh Arch install then only get a black screen after rebooting
Looking in setting up a small enterprise setup at home, need advise on a distro
How to make underscore separate into space separate?
iw wlan0 set channel 36 will hang
Bash script command to search and highlight text in terminal buffer
Can an application explicitly commit and decommit memory?
while read, grep, pipes, and hanging
How to output the display from an application to a vnc viewer?
How to just return two numbers after regex match with grep or sed?
Why is LESSOPEN causing my command to hang?
VMware virtual machine not showing on menu
Streisand Effect and Turnkey Linux on Raspberry Pi 3
How do I fix IPv6 DNS server settings on Linux Mint 18.x?
mount -o devpts pts /mnt/linux/dev/pts
How to start windows 10 through grub command line
tcpdump returns packets dropped by interface
Skype Installation error on ubuntu 14.04
Seperation of name[3:0] bus ito individual wire
A port address conflict has been detected. LAN Messenger will close now
tar --extract single (small) file of a large tar.gz, memory/disk usage?
how to create directory in the desktop of the centos 7
remove oh-my-zsh
assign uniq identifier or serial number to duplicate or uinq values based on any column
Can `grep` output matched contents and full counts together? If not, how to?
Route in Linux with 2 card 2 gateways
Block motion for any bracket type?
What is the difference between procfs and sysfs?
Find command: Searching for executable files
What do I need to be aware of if I want to write an application that will run on any Linux distro?
Why is GDM 2.20 still in Squeeze?
Providing /bin and /lib inside a chroot jail
$VAR vs ${VAR} and to quote or not to quote
How to install kvm in Debian (Lenny) over powerpc
Can't register or update Solaris 11 Express
Vim command for inserting a character
Commandline e-mail client that syncs contacts with external server?
What are the differences in shared memory between early and modern Unix systems?
sh startup files over ssh
How do I modify the ci command in vim
What are high memory and low memory on Linux?
Leaking file descriptors
Cryptsetup not finding libgcrypt.so after upgrade
How do you bulk move files up one directory safely?
Shell command to read device registers?
What is an inode?
How to properly escape exclamation points in bash?
GCC configure error
How to make a cifs/smb mount ignore umask?
Postfix: disable authentication through port 25
What is the use of "magic arguments" in Linux reboot system call?
UEFI install (14.04) boots to GRUB command prompt, no GUI
Which distributions can have a network installation started from a floppy?
Focusrite Scarlett on Linux input mapping?
Allow non-root unmodifiable sofware to bind to ports 80 & 443
How to replace a char at the cursor in emacs lisp
ssh from linux into mac - permission denied
What does it mean to be "sh compatible"?
Can close() block?
Compiling C/C++ code by way of including preprocessor build instructions in an actual C/C++ source file
How to specify file path with find when searching for files with -regex
How to check the cpu temperatures core by core?
Transfer X from monitor to remote machine
Why to use Kali Linux instead of "Ubuntu with Kali Tools"?
Could I set flag "barrier=0" when using SSD?
groupadd failure while writing changes to /etc/group
How does stack allocation work in Linux?
Kernel bisect: when a patch is failing for a reason other than original bisect purpose, what do you do?
how to change the inittab file in /etc
Assigning static IP address using nmcli
Bash check if firefox use internet
One of several file-append redirections of "python --version" is repeatably 'overlooked' by bash, but the others aren't
drive geometry error with vfat
Avoid starvation using flock with 2 process with write and read lock
"Open Containing Folder" not using the file manager
Create a partition with fdisk in bytes
How to refer to multiple files from a directory to one command
Defer variable expansion to subshell
dump command - does it save extended attributed, ACLs and SELinux settings on ext4 filesystems?
Does chipset determine if wifi card will be supported under linux?
How can I create a virtual serial port that relays data over ssh?
User's incrontab not working (only root's) when incrond is run as a service
/ Owned by postfix:root after installing iRedMail
Extracting positive/negative floating-point numbers from a string
Fullscreen programs only update when mouse moves
Can't ping my own machine
How ls -lh round off the actual sizes in human readable form?
How to listen to other process' signals?
Headphone interrupting audio playback sporadically
Why does the TCP handling mechanism in the OS wait for an ACK from client before sending
Can't get 4k 60hz on UHD 600 using HDMI 2.0
not get option for "address of network interface you want open vpn listening to" while configuring open vpn
What are the limitations of a detached LUKS header
Cannot reach Kali login screen, stuck on "started GNOME Display Manager"
How does a keyboard press get processed in the Linux Kernel?
Getting error syntax error: 'if' unmatched while executing bash script
Password prompt when copying file to remote server using scp while password authentification disabled
Bash Script for Backing up/Gzip files with correct name
how to backup transmission downloads and torrents?
Complex regex replace
Touch Command not working in bash for some reason
Laptop will not stay in suspend
JSON_TABLE problem
how to remove really the nvidia driver from debian 10
Add to path from shell script
64-bit version of application crashing with Wine
Bash vs python for unix-related tasks
Extracting Multiple Strings in a Single Line, Between Two Types of Characters
Nixos ssh with ZSH - command not found
How do I make this rsync command non-recursive?
rclone to Google Drive: sync to the top level of Drive?
systemd service fle: Restart=on-failure not allowed for Type=oneshot services
Run httpd as domain account for NFS-mounted storage
sudo equivalent in systemd
Authentication issue with CUPS and AirPrint
Posix locale unicode encodings; which is correct?
Wireless card keeps connecting then disconnecting
Send a binary file through serial terminal
What happened to Bento Linux?
How do I add an extra dictionary/ custom dictionary for fiction writing in Open Office?
extract columns with certain characters and store them in separate file
Bash script not executing some commands
bpf_helpers.h file is missing
Boot directly into another kernel from running Linux without bootloader
iscsid: iscsi client local port
Assign static /dev/ttyACM[0-9] static
After upgrade, X button in titlebar no longer closes xterm
Error message on terminal despite using 2> symbol
Using AWK to monitor changing values every 60 seconds
Count the number of characters in all files
Invert *only brightness* for monitor
How do I get Wicd to use other drivers in Debian 7.2 Xfce?
No usable clock interface found
Kali Linux Fan Sound Problem
How to ensure that I've entered the server and how to create a directory there?
capture ip packets when the gateway is not the ISP router
Grub error 21 unless both sd card and live-usb are present
How to connect two machines via wifi and no other hardware?
How to generate initramfs image with busybox links?
Why can't Rhythmbox play most of the files from my mt-daap share?
Which Fedora package does a specific file belong to?
How to strip a Linux system?
What is the difference between the various tiling modes in KWin, and how do I use them?
Problem connecting to linksys wireless using zenwalk
What is the difference between ioctl(), unlocked_ioctl() and compat_ioctl()?
Rsync two file types in one command?
Simple Templating for Config Files
libcanberra is failing to build
How to turn off color with `ls`?
Unable to change xterm colors from .Xresources
Linux Mint 15 : how to share wifi connection with other devices connected to Ethernet port?
cannot work out red5 link in linux to input rtmp for player
How to check the status of bash shell script while executing from Python script?
How to search for available software in repositories though CLI?
emulate tail with sed
Replace spaces and tabs at the end of the line in all files
What is the difference between lhome and home, and is it causing my SSH key authentication to fail?
SELinux and Trusted OS - can SELinux be confined to hardware level root?
permission denied on scripts in ~/bin
SSH accesss between CentOS and Vmware installed Ubuntu
Ctrl-C with two simultaneous commands in bash
CPU is free, yet bash script not utilizing all CPU resources
When do changes to gsettings take place?
Creating bootable USB from .iso in Fedora 19
From where does printenv command read environment variables which I have not defined?
Bind conky to single worksapce
sed remove end of line for specific lines
Network Manager stuck at stage 5 of 5?
What are the special characters to print from a script to move the cursor?
Fedora 20 - wifi hotspot almost work but something wrong
= sign at the end of .sock files in the ls output
How to disable mouse-over workspace switcher in Cinnamon?
Unable to check a mdadm RAID1 array, says the file system's read only?
How to get the mplayer's single-line playing progress info?
Revert to old Chrome profile icon / avatar upper left corner
DNS suddenly stops working for a particular network on a particular machine, DNS_PROBE_FINISHED_BAD_CONFIG
What is the difference between these three java installations?
Docker container not able to ping host
How to negate a case pattern
default route of br0 gets dev eth0 instead of dev br0
Getting the shellscript to display a chosen file extension
Thunderbird addressbook unable to search entire fields at a time
How to record network throughput per port for long period of time
Defrag range ioctl not supported in this kernel, please try without any options
Why does ls display a non-existing file?
Centos 6.6 can't install couchdb from EPEL repository
grep files from list
Awk - output the second line of a number of .dat files to one file
Fetching data from server by FTP command
How to make a multi-video driver Linux system?
systemd-networkd won't reload virtual network interface configuraion file
How do I install Chromium for ARM Cortex-A8 on bare Linux 3.0.8 armv7l?
use different java version to run two programs
Large space under text above HR in conky
How to setup network subnet mask with systemd-networkd?
Is it good to have multiple version of Linux Kernel?
ssh ControlPath use ip address instead of hostame %h
Intel p-state is global setting or can be individually for each core?
What's the difference between Intel p-state and speed step from driver point of view?
Manually enter password into expect and use as variable while scrip is running
Debian xarchiver "Failed to execute child process "ar" (No such file or directory)"
Why does default sort produce different results with same line beginnings?
How to find sysfs directory for a specific device?
How to let resolveconf update DNS configuration when using NetworkManager
CLI Battery Status Update on Prompt
How to find lines with certain numbers
Is it possible to filter a set of lines through an external command in ed?
Red Hat: How to sftp upload and git push with 755/644 and apache:apache rights/owner?
How to save ansible stdout.lines to a file is in list format
How to turn off alert sounds/sound effects on Gnome from terminal?
Opening a vertical terminal in Vim 8.1
Making a bind-mount take effect only in the context of the current process and its descendants
UFW Firewall not working?
Preserve ownership of entire folder hierarchy in tar?
match at least two patterns from another file
Zsh, Indirect array variable assignment without using eval
Beaglebone cannot connect to internet using ethernet cable
Cannot run python file, asks to relink libraries
Undefined symbol in libharfbuzz
No core dump on Ubuntu on a Parallels shared folder
How do I choose between Unix / Linux and Windows in a Server environment?
Mount samba filesystem into RHEL 5.5
Is knowing Linux required to learn Unix
Do any package managers come installed default in NetBSD?
fsarchiver error
How to enter into BusyBox when booting?
Where to find a PKG or RPM of fsarchiver?
How to see disk details like manufacturer in Linux
What is a spinlock in Linux?
Debian: Mounting NFS Volume at boot with fstab not working, How to change when this is attempted on boot
lost superblock in md raid
How should I solicit feedback from a tree maintainer for patches sent to the lkml?
Change the default terminal for all .desktop files?
Guide/help using Dialog with bash scripting
How do I highlight the current line and the cursor in .vimrc?
Pass colors from ls through pipe to awk 'print' statement
Cannot boot from usb
Monitoring script started by rc.local
Change default Encoding in Terminator
How to install CentOS 6.4 on Mac Mini?
Mint update with NVIDIA breaks Cinnamon
rsstail Not Printing Output
Count number of lines of output from previous program
Double GNOME UI elements with Xinerama
group option in fstab not working
Is there any way to install freeBSD from Debian?
How to safely remove hard-link to home folder?
How to interpret the explicit references to GNU in the LSB specifications?
Unzip file contents, but without creating archive folder
SSH connections not accepted after configuring NFS?
Unix command to exit from command prompt
Watch file using multitail even if it has not been created
How to remove Oracle Wallet using orapki?
Emacs on Minix 3?
Delete n minutes old file in solaris
Can I put 2 disks into a raid-0 array without reformatting the FS?
How to avoid the need to issue "y" several times when removing protected file
How do I set vim as the default editor when I sudo?
Run remote shell daemon as non root user with tab-completion
How to restart KDE window decorations without loosing the running X session
How to measure the clock pulse of my computer manually?
Question about inode and permission command
Merging specific columns of 2 files based on field match
Is it possible to reuse the slave end of a PTY after closing it?
Difference in ssh/scp host resolving and network reachability
Display used by screen in utmp
Extract filename from another filename
Move files by reading their file names to different directories
copy_only_missing? - Copy from /A to /C only paths missing on /B and /C - concise way
If "bash <file>" works, why is "source <file>" throwing an error?
Make the 1st column as header and list its corresponding values using shell script
bash script environment/result ambiguity
total in the output of ls -l command
Trouble Connecting to Wi-Fi Via GUI
bash arithmetic works in loop; after loop, var has no value
Finding files based on the date contained in their filenames
tell tar to ignore sockets - I don't want to see warnings
How does oom killer behave after alt+sysrq+f?
Chrome renders Facebook wrong
systemd service does not last more than 6 hours
Not able to detect secondary monitor in Centos 8 GTX 1660TI on a laptop
How to use Additional volume in linux ubuntu
pam_access won't work when logging in with SSH CentOS
counting number of users logged into linux
Gstreamer OMX encoder doesn't accept parameters?
What is wrong in this shell script?
Debian 10 - Commands stop working in console after laptop being on for a while
Centos7 autocomplete path not work
Why in bash {{a,b}.{c,d}} expands to {a.c} {a.d} {b.c} {b.d}
Copy the root partition to another location at boot time
Moved a directory to a non-existing location?
Unable to write changes to a file in Vim editor
How to redirect service email notifications sent to root
Move last part of filename to front
Sources.list in Kali 2018
How does ${!#} work in bash to get the last command-line argument?
find file count in a directory of any specific date provided by user using shell script
Don't try to correct a command that, now, exists
How to avoid running make as root in the last step of installing an application from source?
How to manage RHEL patches in a production environment
ls discrepancy - found vs not found (No such file or directory) - on the same file
use setkbdmap to map right alt to backspace
Is there a way to disable only root login via serial console on RHEL6?
Which files are involved in EFI boot sequence from a Usb dongle? (32/64 arch problem)
'ambiguous redirect' error from Bash
rsyslog with TLS
Debian 9 boots to black screen
systemd-ask-password prompt not displayed for vpn
Linux Mint blank desktop environment
Why does filename expansion not work in this example?
USBIP on CentOS 7
How to add a trash icon to the Gnome 3 favorites?
Copy file to clipboard as text/html
Installed OS on EFI system crashes on grub shell
"Close window" (Ctrl+q) Shortcut not working on every window
What happens if Host OS of MDADM md0 crashes
Is it possible to configure a 'scaled' desktop in xorg.conf similar to using xrandr's scale-from option?
In Debian Jessie, make allnoconfig and make allyesconfig generate the same .config file
Change the current directory when a terminal is opened
Flattening folder structure with duplicate file names
What is Linux equivalent of CMD /K?
When does * work as a pattern character in filename expansion and as shell parameter whose value is the positional parameters?
How to find the next `n` files and `n+1`-th file for each file listed by `ls -1`
How do I automatically force a umount on a usb drive that has already been removed?
can not access HTTP site with squid3
lilo: display boot (append) option for entry in boot menu
Method to determine what `Type` of systemd service to use for any given application
Bash: Multiple for loops in Background
do not source bash_profile or do not echo statements
Requirements to boot a rootfs.img
VirtualBox: Linux Mint in Windows 10, no network - used on restricted network
SATA hard disk not recognized
System crashes after hibernation
How to bind ports to systemd services for firewall configuration?
How to change Host header in apache
Run a shell script from another script concurrently in a new terminal window
Delete line if next line is the same
based on a line character, print corresponding number next to it
Random freezes, kdump not triggered, system does not reboot
Why are heredocs "dependent" on file descriptors?
How to set a hotspot that proxify all connections with tor?
How to change Vim window moving key combinations?
Cannot Install libpng12-0 on Debian
Differences between BSD ports and Debian apt
Does gsettings have a GUI frontend?
Why is my dconf setting suddenly non-writable?
collectd is creating /home folder on my mac and I cannot remove it
debian without dbus: login/systemd complains about failing to connect to d-bus after motd
How to run interactive script on shutdown
How to retrive mails from previous hosting server?
Compare path with user home and determine if first directory is ".nvm"
I'm able to run a code from terminal but the same command giving error when run in a shell script
Kali linux unattended-upgrade does not work
Does Linux have something equivalent to Android's permissions?
How to read the whole shell script before executing it?
Where to find logs/information about unattended-upgrades (apt)?
zsh selects a pasted text
Grep line with specific word from file in a specific column
Run app on X11 on server without forwarding
Do I need to set uid bit in this case?
Embedded linux read only
Extract the exact number of elements from the same identifier
how to get rows that nth to mth columns are empty
Please tell how this command checks whether rnum has an integer or not
What debian build am I supposed to download?
How do I reduce the amount of colors Gnome uses
cgroups CPU quota vs system load metric
Checking for a null column in a csv file
what does none in "tun0@none" stand for?
Innacurate lv_root size after extend
Give a user permission to one folder
Centos 7 - firewalld - passthrough traffic with firewall-cmd
Debian instance has two Kernels after installing Intel PCIe SSD drivers - one with Black screen
Single parenthesis in bash variable assignment
How does `lsof` keep track of open file descriptors' filenames?
Using Ubuntu Server machine as a DHCP and DNS server to forward URL's to IP addresses
du reports directory size as much bigger than the sum of its contents
Read a column from a file and append a specific column of another file
btrfs on LVM on LUKS - one LUKS container performs WAY better than the other
Advanced Policy Firewall: allow_hosts.rules doesn't work
UNIX to print a content from a .gz file
SSHD drive caching algorithm vs bcache/LVM
Ubuntu 14.04.2 LTS: for NIS users, SSH works but console login and sudo fail
How can I make a script to count up by fives?
Restart bash from terminal without restarting the terminal application (mac)?
bash on command event (or shell)
Disable breadcrumb navigation in KDE
Selectively replacing icons in an icon pack theme?
Loading X resources from .Xresources and .Xdefaults for Emacs
How can I change resolution in LXDE?
Debian 7.7 PPC (iMac G4) - switch from nouveau to nv driver
Capture timestamped X mouse events, and render a video with custom mouse pointer?
How to prioritize packages installed from files in APT?
Font changes in libreoffice writer while writing!
How to read passwd(5) manual page?
How to start systemctl service with different env vars / diff arguments?
Text files open with pdf reader instead of Sublime
Trying to connect to remote server via SSH but still prompts for password
Connect image files in two folders with python regular expression
After update Fedora doesn't decypher LUKS system while booting
Any specific reason why the kernel I compiled was an older version than the default kernel?
What does set -u do in bash script?
PuTTY terminal - Unable to type more than 80 chars in a single line
How to get systemd to wait until zfs rollback is complete
How to use globbing for loop in bash -c command?
How to mount a gpg-encrypted tar archive file?
Green tint to wallpaper - Linux Mint
How to add URI record to bind9 DNS zone?
How to print the content of one of the columns related to the same user just using awk?
Mounted device accessible per command line only after file manager
Script stuck writing to pipe, continues if attached to strace
Bluetooth doesn't work in debian 10
Bash doesn't calculate prompt length correctly
Continously writing terminal output to text file
Session don't initializing
Daemon opens a file in RO mode only
Zombies in bash
Change strings in multiple files to current subdirectory name
etc/apt/sources.list contents for EC2 Instances upon AWS
nc command can't lookup DNS name
permissions of script to change permissions?
How can I build and install yum such that it runs exclusively out of a user-owned directory?
Problem with permissions to my hard disk
How to change the default text editor in ranger?
What is the meaning of the Name "Devuan" (the debian forked distribution)
Insert new line with value when not value at all is found
SATA: what linux kernel drivers are needed for basic support?
Cannot compile WiredTiger with snappy support under rhel
postfix sendonly smtp-server, it wanted set email user@domain.com but i recieved email as user@localhost.domain.com
Ubuntu mate sound settings not responding
Mouse not working for a few minutes after boot
Search the field with different letters in between the line
how to use the intel graphic chipset driver on debian,instead of the nvidia graphic card and driver
Linux mint: Installing Recommended Nvidia Drivers results black screen
How to print and use a command output in a one-liner?
mount: overlapping loop device
Linux md config changes after reboot
Extract part of file between first occurrences of two strings fast
How to grep whole numbers including special characters?
PAM configuration with Kerberos authentication but without need of local accounts
Cannot use HDMI port and cannot run XOrg server might be related
How do I yank, delete, and paste a group of lines without moving the cursor?
Send a binary file though serial terminal
What should I expect to see if md/linux RAID is properly compensating for a failing drive?
Copy/duplicate an activity in KDE Plasma
Setting LS_COLORS has no effect
vifm: run command on each selected file individually
How to print the exact result of a command to a file
How Do I Transfer Ownership of Files Between Distros?
No such file or directory when running cd in bash function with path that is indeed correct
How can I prevent packages from being installed from Debian contrib with exceptions?
Running X without root
How to debug hard drive power saving?
ePass2003Auto Integration in Linux
Optimizing logical sector size for physical sector size 4096 HDD
linux + top command
Using sed to cut a string starting with n spaces and ending with n spaces
Ack regex on filenames
About the command and the number in the man
How do I prevent programs from sniffing keystrokes to su/gksu?
Remapping Caps Lock with xmodmap doesn't work
sourcing a file inside a script
Meanings of the columns in "last" command
How do I install Ubuntu from Suse?
Why do some characters show as squares in Chrome?
The TIME field in ps -ef
Remove a directory level from a website URL
CLI & Markup language
How can I resolve a stale nfs handle?
Functional shell scripting
How to update MOTD regularly?
How to print the next crontab tasks to be executed?
Strange errors when using ffmpeg in a loop
Scan for Network attached devices
Why does the setxkbmap compose key mess with other keys?
How to set separate global/user keyboard settings in LXDE?
How can I identify processes that use network facilities, and can they be killed?
symbolic link to a directory and relative path
Using the apt package manager refuse an update for a specific package
Custom title in PDF files when using ps2pdf
Memory Management: Faulting virtual addresses
Information about the 1630/master app
How to add boot parameters in arch linux
Fedora Failed to get D-Bus connection
Mutt silently failing when trying to send an e-mail from command line
Dynamic linker "no version information available"
What is parallel memory allocation?
Git based package manager/installer for Linux
Forcing Skype window resize (under Gnome)
Compling KUTE traffic generator 1.4 on Fedora Core 5
fedora can't find mysql service
pipe and log STDOUT at the same time
LightDM shows a black screen in my Arch Guest VM
What does "Invalid argument" mean in Solaris?
How to create a confirmation question in Linux?
Change password in headless mode
How to properly and easy configure `xdg-open` without any environment?
G3 Usb Modem Huawei E1550 did not work after unplug (NetworkManager)
Set Sound Settings to 152% on Boot (LMDE)
How to make user passwords shown as a clear text in Linux?
Qstat error in Eqw
Need to ssh from one Amazon EC2 server into another one
Debian installer - customize busybox and live system/environment
awk with if statements
Native linux installation on another drive, alongside Windows 7
Is there a Microsoft Publisher equivalent for LMDE?
Why is my Netstat not returning the desired output and just getting hung up?
Debian CLI torrent program through VPN
Symlink from one workstation to another without mount
disabling cpu cores on quad core processor on linux
Merging columns from two separate files
Using exec and tee to redirect logs to stdout and a log file in the same time
Can't install Ubuntu because pc keeps shutting down
Assignment in braces vs outside braces in awk
how to return to underlying script from tail -f
Is it reliable to assemble md from two machines at the same time
route added, but shows inverse ip
Print last element of each row
How does one atomically change a symlink to a directory in busybox?
Buffers or tabs in vim? What are advantages/disadvantages of each approach?
How do I make a shell script that sends output to a process
fetchmail without an mda
How can I configure cgroups to fairly share resources between users?
Why are spin locks good choices in Linux Kernel Design instead of something more common in userland code, such as semaphore or mutex?
Copy only directories with .mp3 files with rsync
Man-pages don't include all relevant information
Patching X11 to remove SELECTION clipboard
Run .zshrc when passing command via -c
Equivalent command to grep binary files
Init system with dependency handling and service file format on *BSD
What does p and e denote in exec family of calls?
What do I have to consider when sharing the package cache between LXC guests?
Wildcard SSL certificate does not work with naked domain
bash script locked at if statement when executed
Preview of workspace OSD when switching as in gnome-unity (for KDE)
Make Debian act as USB device which I can plug into another machine
How to remap keycodes (not symbols)?
What could cause dropping cache to be extremely slow on a large cluster?
Rotate remote server in openvpn config
Get executable for any command
Loop over lines of file, partition file and classify each partition
Remove leading characters in filename up to a certain pattern
unable to execute ansible play on remote host
Read the EXISTING content from another terminal
Wait multiple process, print exit code if any process get exit
How can config bond interface down after slave interfaces has been down
/sbin/init does not exist
System setup using systemd-nspawn
Trouble merging two simple dot nix files for nix-shell
Program to track file / directory changes in Linux
JSON correct construction
When does btrfs allocate space?
authorized_keys for multiple chrooted users with the same home directory
How to make Vi work as Emacs in Git Bash shell?
How do you use proxy with the whois command?
Getting exception while opening terminal on Fedora 24
Samba open file permissions
Listing "computers like me" on my subnet?
ln -s reports that a procedure failed, but creates symlinks nonetheless
scp -3 no longer works
Rename a file in a folder based on presence of another file
Samba vulnerability (CVE-2017-7494) patch check
Escaping gawk variables for shell commands
Do processes exist which have no parent?
postfix + procmail -- process serially, not in parallel
how to setup AucTex with LuaTex in Emacs
nas4free server can't access local network
Trying to remove all ids from an HTML file with grep
sybase and iconv
What are the origins of rgb.txt?
Trapping dot (.) file not found errors in KSH
sort ls output by users
Multiboot USB drive using relative paths with Syslinux (or another bootloader)
How do I start a process with a nice value of -20 and not give it root privilege?
Using bash shell function inside AWK
'ps' command hangs
Files replaced with Finder on Mac creating a copy on Samba's .recycle
Screen very dim after resume from suspend
udevadm slow boot
Local port forwarding automatically configured on boot?
Getting stdin from a named pipe
Launchy: Hot keys won't work in xmonad
Add new user with permissions same as existing user
How does cat know the baud rate of the serial port?
pam ldap authentication an AWS EC2 ami (Amazon's ami)
How can I hook functionality to the "go to line"-command in Vim?
Why don't Linux terminal emulators support full colors?
Special character '#' in Perl SSH command
concatenating multiple files with multiple headers
VirtualBox under Archlinux can't connect to Internet after "pacman -Syu"
Can't seem to add `tint2` to the startup process in Arch Linux with Openbox
zsh - check arguments of a command before executing it
How can a zsh script test whether it is being sourced?
Can't open Gajim
What's the POSIX specification on behavior of built-in commands with redirections and/or piping?
Why does boot fail with my custom kernel at the mknod step?
How to expire a password? (For inital account creation)
Bash globbing hidden files
What's the "Unix way" for a CLI app to report no arguments specified?
Bringing up an interface does not add default gateway to the routing table in Ubuntu
Gnome Terminal won't autocomplete
How can I delete a hidden folder?
How to configure sudoers to allow running sudo command under other group and user name?
How do I set up a .emacs initialization file?
Finding the current speaker volume (signal strength)
hunspell: add word to dictionary from command line
listen to two IPs for hosting 2 websites with SSL
Emacs + whitespace: ignoring 'normal' spaces
Fedora list all packages not in a "clean" install
User associated with a socket
Find alternative for Debian 5 to work with big files
vimrc mapping line numbers
How to resize ext3 image files
Why read works if stdin is redirected to fd4?
Extend the scrollable content of gnu-screen?
Vim visual mode to system clipboard?
How to print numbers horizontally?
Add leading characters in front of string using printf or echo
netctl start PROFILE fails
laptop enery management for improving battery lifetime Linux
Linux, printing specific parts of a text document
How to connect to virtual /dev/ttyX from same machines pts terminal?
How to open tty or execute some script when the shortcut Ctrl+Alt+F[1-6] doesn't work and X11 is partially frozen but system is still working?
Fix fonts through ssh
Error 127 when trying to install ms-sys
Kali linux dual boot with win 8 64 bit is not working
Change confirm-box default positions
ldd: cannot find library for xl c compiled binary but could for gcc compiled binary on AIX
LVM RAID 1 for root
Gnome graphical interface failed to load
Access Linux after installing another OS
Redhat error while loading shared libraries: libkeyutils.so.1: cannot open shared object file: Permission denied
ifdef style conditional inclusions for shell
What reads /etc/iproute2/rt_tables
How to start Application in Wine From a terminal window
How to replace GnuPG stable with GnuPG modern?
install apache 2.4.17 or later for debian 7.9
Awk print next after matched condition?
Restrict size of buffer cache in Linux
Execute a init script from C++ program
Auto-restart apache2 on crash with systemd(Ubuntu 15.10)
/var/log/rgc main.log very large file preventing server operation
Set default shell as bash for users not in /etc/passwd
Remove characters if they do not follow specified patterns
How can I see the dismounted devices
compatiblity with Intel Dual Band Wireless-N 7260 (on tablet)
Large zone file for bind9 : ad-blocking
cd in bash script without alias, function, source
Shared libraries and different linux systems
OpenWRT image for OrangePi
Remove spaces in file under certain criteria
Using bash variable substitution instead of cut/awk
How do I *completely* disable the Ctrl-O shortcut in Midnight Commander?
My printer retains some memories from previous jobs' settings
If I grow an ext4 partition, will it increase the number of inodes available?
problem with find (shell script)
Shell script - blanks are not always recognized as such?
On-the-fly Textfile template engine
Network configuration problem with 2 network cards
`Syntax error: "(" unexpected` when creating an array
What is the story behind Client Side Decorations?
Creating threads fails with “Resource temporarily unavailable” with 4.3 kernel
apt-get update do nothing and can't open any http connection
Is the order of NVIDIA kernel modules in mkinitcpio important?
virsh pool storage basics
Get first N lines of output from a pipe operation
Why gunzipping a 644 file belonging to root is possible by user and gunzipped file belongs to user
Blocking specific command from sudo users
KVM ERROR Cannot get interface MTU on 'kvmbr0': No such device
BSD-style pseudoterminals vs. UNIX 98 pseudoterminals
Passing options/args/parameters with spaces from the script to a function within
Unmet dependencies problem in elementary OS Loki
XML context grepping
Variable initialization with internal variable
What is the efficient way to solve "no version information available" when an old shared object (so) is linked to a newer shared object (so)?
How to ping google.com via particular IP(by explicitly mentioning) in Linux(windriver linux)?
Identify what USB port is a device plugged into
List all .txt file and count number of column
sed remove special characters and spaces in line
SUSE Linux Enterprise 12: Change Hostname permanently
Email not arriving to my server, with address root@<IP>
Security of a SSH tunnel
How to update /boot/grub/menu.lst?
How to decrypt the file on the fly without process substitution?
How to check who can su to my user
Manipulate {} return string from find -exec
Mac OS Sierra 10.12 autofs mounts only the first specified NFS volume
How to insert a backslash and a newline before a pattern?
Crontab with NodeJS
Command to see the logical volume path, device mapper path and its corresponding dm device path
Redirect all incoming email to a Python script
Udev can't mount a µSD i can mount manually
grub-install error: modinfo.sh doesn't exist
echo into a file while maintaining escaped spaces?
Use external drive as a folder in nginx
How do I delete a directory in Centos 7
replace lines in the original file from another file by line number
550 Filename invalid
Running QEMU with a root file system directory instead of disk image
How can I echo with escaped spaces?
Reliable way to get exit code from a background process while monitor and kill it when necessary
sed behaves strange on android tablet
No active Desktop in Linux Mint
"dpkg: error: --install option does not take a value"
Automatic down scroll during boot and sometimes in apps
Is it possible to run KVM over a qemu emulated powerpc architecture
Why does the local::lib shell code use eval and $()
How do I test to see if an application exists in $PATH?
Why is plymouth-log-viewer starting up?
How do I permanently increase the font size in mrxvt?
How to find which processes are taking all the memory?
Open a command line window in GNOME Desktop
GNOME-keyring KWallet integration?
802.3ad on FreeBSD and Linux using crossover cables?
How can I count the number of different characters in a file?
TTY On External Monitor
Ex and Vi: buffers and regexes
SSH to decrypt encrypted LVM during headless server boot?
Installing OpenJDK on a Netbsd Sparc64 Server
Passing variables to a bash script when sourcing it
Creating bootable usb stick with NetBSD installer on Linux
How to place an application on the second monitor with awesome-wm?
How can I serve a Kickstart file over the network without a DHCP server?
Trouble getting busybox switch_root to work
where to start open-source work?
How to create a new partition on a hard disk?
Gentoo default application for opening files
Why doesn't dm-crypt handle write barriers properly?
extracting "tag" information from git with a shell script
How to specify which interface an application uses?
Xtightvnc: Ubuntu gnome-session-fallback: Fonts problem
How can I run a shell script as a daemon under Redhat?
Solaris development host
How to detect from script when the user's desktop is loaded?
How to determine which module taints the kernel?
Understanding how virt-install connects the Ethernet interface in host machine with the Ethernet interface in the quest?
Netcat Computer connections
How to create a process that runs a script until another process ends
Unable to install mono on Fedora 29
Changing linefeed by another character in bash
How to use zsh tab completion on Git without origin?
iptables Performance with long chains
find command killed by signal 15
zlib error when compiling
configure grub to handle two nixos installations
Observe files with par2 on linux
How to apply specific diff patch to improve wireless Tx rate
awk: illegal primary in regular expression vault-(?!etcd|operator)
check who can "sudo -u myaccount..."
Two field separators (colon and space) in awk
ntpd.pid not getting generated even when ntpd is running in centos7
Completely separate network interfaces
how to detect state of bash readline using bash script?
Can I script an "in-shell" editor for commit messages?
Alternative testing tools to use instead of Chromium DevTools
virt-sysprep - Is it possible to use with LVM & LUKS?
'regex' and 'name' directives in find
What is mms protocol and how do I enable it?
Mount internal drive to all users
I can't find sound card in /dev
Prevent Script from Inserting Space in File Name
Recover overwritten LUKS partition
Command cpupower does not impact CPU frequency
How to configure the System Speaker?
Can't resume from suspend. What can I do to fix it?
Get absolute memory addresses instead of relative offsets from hexdump
How I can read content of the ssh key file using a path read from a file?
How does one properly call multiple cat commands from a single bash script?
Export a man page in pdf
Export specific folders from .tar
How to disable the Ctrl+Shift binding (ISO 14755) in urxvt?
how to set up proxy pass or iptables for ssh?
GNU tar with --exclude-cache fails to exclude directories containing a CACHEDIR.TAG file
How to find if a USB has been plugged in on a certain date? (Linux/Mac)
GPG keeps prompting for the passpharse
LUKS encryption Mint - only being asked to decrypt one of my two encrypted drives
Remove duplicate lines from a file but leave 1 occurrence
How to redirect a running process output when the output device is deleted
Intel UEFI firmware hiding operating systems depending on boot order
How can I find a list of card readers that supports blkdiscard
VNC Server - securely forwards to the localhost connection for VNC
How do I upstream a patch into the Linux kernel developed by someone else?
Dvorak Programmer Layout with OpenBSD
Can I merge-sort two sorted files by using comm?
nautilus: open-with but don't change default
How to keep the user "www-data" when modify file logged in as root?
When I see a bunch of `write: broken pipe ` errors for a process what does it mean ?
Why can't I send a post request to my server after SSH logout?
How to externally copy an old UFS hard drive?
Error sending e-mail to internal domains hosted on linux server using sendmail
How do you run wine in Alpine Linux?
Arch Linux - pacman -Syu failed - cannot issue any commands
URxvt.font ignoring font size
sed not working correctly when piped
how can I provide files as inputs to `tsort`?
Boot Linux from USB Stick - does not work with all sticks - device descriptor error read 64 error -110 -71 enumerate - address
Setting up Public/Private Key Pair for Linux Login (not SSH)
Installed Debian. How to connect to WiFi?
Problem with torcs installation, error with openal
Bluetooth audio on linux and soundcard?
Installing Computer Modern font on Arch Linux
Kernel Feature needed to change framebuffer colors?
Terminal-clickable relative file path hyperlink
What does "if1@if2" mean in interface name in output of "ip address" command on Ubuntu
Remove .shstrtab with strip
How to extend root partition on remote virtual machines?
Ubuntu ports open but iptables rules are empty
Strange command line behaviour when ssh, 7z or cd?
FreeBSD, update UEFI boot after motherboard change
GNUHealth installation fails
How to install Apache Tomcat 9 using apt-get?
partition table on a disk partition; how to access?
Networking has stopped working - where can I find out why?
Make new column at each occurence of a specific row value using awk
process JSON format with JQ tools
Should localhost be managed by systemd-networkd?
expectk in Debian 9
Boot kernel parameter to run an executable at the end of booting, if found
Iterate through a string and remove a letter
Is there a way to encrypt disk without formatting it?
Execute command and store everything to variable in bash
Mounting exfat with udev rules automatically
Is it safe to mount one partition on many directories?
Keystrokes are much faster when not using a window manager. Why?
Debian refuses to switch to a different WiFi network
Determine extra size of hard link tree
Should I learn to memorize these keys for Vim for moving - h,l,k,j?
Monit - How to use different configurations for Day and Night time?
How do I connect to an SSH server with no ciphers in common?
linux command fails with alloc magic is broken at 0xXXXXX
The `PRI` column of `ps` is inconsistent with man pages
Could not log into new VM with correct password
Linux install fails, both Ubuntu 18.04 and Fedora 29
can dstat sum network and disk activity?
Cannot connect to WiFi with nmcli, although secrets are provided
How to avoid data trimming while formatting file in unix
Sending and receiving simple signals between computers?
Show only number and characters not Specific symbols
Find all shell scripts from a folder and execute them in order
Find unique lines, ignoring certain columns
Login not work for all users - systemd
size of file bash
How to control second script based on fisr script in main script on linux
Managing trailing characters using zsh autoloaded completion
Problems installing PCRE on ubuntu
How to replace the content of specific column with awk? Tab Delimited File
Renaming: How to attach a word or rename multiple files
C Shell Argument If Else Loop
Disabling ssh password authentication does not work on my debian VPS
How to find what custom config is used by iptables?
Replacement for php5-auth-pam to authenticate website login against local users
How Do I Install Themes In Cinnamon?
find closest matching folder
usr/bin appears empty
Boot managers found by os-prober not shown at boot
date/time setting does not work after unplugging power adapter or sudden power cut
Dual boot PCBSD - Windows 7
Monitor processes trying to access non-existent file or directory
Which shells don't support dollar-parenthesis expansion, and demand backticks?
Why process is killed while a lot of memory is free?
Debian Jessie initramfs-tools strange behavior
How to mount Raspberry Pi directory to Asus RT-AC68U Router
selinux preventing init_t access to httpd_sys_content_t
expand an existing fullchain certificate
How to assign a word to execute a particular command
Enforcing system fontconfig in intellij
VNC via SSH stopped working
how to add commas for every listed item
For loop command specifying stored name of a file (from bash to python script)
Display full command on GNU screen with bash in title, and interact properly with Vim buffers
Array only returns one element
What does "inet" stand for in the ip utility?
Bash: call function from "bash -c"
Match values between two files awk
zsh ignore glob if nomatch
Escaping strings in associative arrays (bash)
Restrict MPD clients
Correctly populating wpa_supplicant.conf from iwlist scan results
How to manually compile Fedora 20 kernel
How to enable systemd's service without waiting?
What does `NO-CARRIER` and `DOWN` mean for a wireless interface?
Different usage of grep
Introduction of env --null
Print file name extension using -exec in find
Accessing system after GNOME failed
tc cbq doesn't work (no traffic limitation)
script needs to add another loop
Can another program on X capture my root password while I type it in a virtual terminal?
Why does dd from /dev/urandom stops early?
how do i build / apply an selinux policy file, on redhat 7?
How can I change "Mount Point" that has been changed to normal?
SQLPLUS value in variable- not working from crontab
If I cancel when prompted for my Git password, I can no longer see anything I type, until I log back in
How do I schedule a cron task to run
ssh not using ~/.ssh/config, even after I play around with permissions
How to recover root for system?
netfilter rules to forward all traffic to a local website by default, and making exceptions to that rule by macaddr
Why recursive grep does not work with STDOUT?
What folders should I exclude / not exclude when migrating a server using rsync
Why does the root user need sudo permission?
CentOS 7 how to EnableBrightnessControl in xorg.conf
Password protected zip archives open without password
Apache2 'Server' header reports wrong openSSL version
Is it safe to type another command into STDIN while the previous command is writing to STDOUT?
Help Installing Linux on Chromebook C720
Bash launch certain commands like being a root user without being root user
counting occurrences of a string
Why doesn't my function work with spaces? (cd, dirname)
Copy a rectengular block into primary selection from within screen session
Apache Authorization for the Allowed Users?
Unable to access website hosted on virtual machine
Unable to build id3lib on Crunchbang
What's the default server root path (CentOS7)
Debian thinks my file system is encoded as ISO-8859-1
nginx: Long filenames in directory listing
2 Factor Authentication in SSH using public key and PAM
How to transfer data "offline" between osx and ubuntu?
Unable to start apache
Asteriks in filename as wildcard not working
Format the content of the file using Perl
How do I install emacs 24.3 on Fedora 17 using yum?
Linux distribution for a new user
Which are non native file systems in the context of building firefox?
Case Statement Nested in While Loop causes Infinite Loop in BASH Script
ls -l output in /dev directory of Unix/Linux system
how to find the maximum value in specific column every for example 5 lines
How can i find out which hdd is failing
gksu not working after upgrade to debian buster
Operate on command output in tcsh
Problems moving home partition
How is new hardware support added to the linux kernel?
Fedora yum update error
How do you make samba follow symlink outside the shared path
Linux webcam software
How to de-unzip, de-tar -xvf -- de-unarchive in a messy folder?
What does the Virtual kernel Memory Layout in dmesg imply?
Setting processor fan to 100%
Grub 2 installed on-partition - how to not embed it
Can I install Linux on Ankya 7802L 266MHz 128MB 2GB laptop?
Light up a LED through USB
Kernel Panic because of RAM stick?
How to repair an ext3 partition after broken resize operation?
Loading 3rd-Party Drivers before Fedora 14 Installation
Could not connect to host 127.0.0.1: Connection refused
ZONE_NORMAL and it's association with Kernel/User-pages?
Maintaining `/etc/hosts` for hosts on DHCP
Using syncing files only comparing file name and not extension
X.org radeon driver brightness/contrast adjusting
Bootable image with LAN drivers
What is the difference between KDE and GNOME , for embedded development host decision
How to install GRUB to a whole ext4 disk without partition table?
Linux Live CDs that are able to save configuration on the boot disk?
How to install Mono in AIX?
Loading different Linux Distribution each time computer starts automatically?
What is the difference between Non-preemptive, Preemptive and Selective Preemptive Kernel?
What happens after loading the linux kernel image into RAM
Cut delimited with unescaped space?
is there a Base64-based dist?
Find and Replace with Sed, not a regular file
How to read pdf annotations in Zathura?
Unable to use Valgrind on executable file for ARM-Linux
List of self-signed certificates on the server
If cpu frequency scaling is not supported, server will run at max performance?
Ubuntu 16 stuck on installation
Fedora bootloader disappeared from BIOS
Reorder path elements of a directory tree
Gnome 3 Top bar "application Icon Missing" - Cent OS 7
Commenting multi-line command chains?
What are the minimal environment variables a non-interactive & non-login shell would see?
List all connected devices in OpenBSD
Print ranges from last occurance of a certain pattern to the first occurrence of another pattern
How does android implement run-as without setuid
Why I cannot fix KDE sound?
Streaming compare the contents in two directory
Multiple users to access with read/write permissions to the /var/www directory with vsftpd?
Entries order in /etc/network/interfaces
IF connection lost => kill browser
Why does top show a different number of cores than cpuinfo?
Set DNS server in resolve.conf using wicd
Delete key not working at all in GNOME 3
Unable to read an audio CD in Debian 9.2
Access Cisco AnyConnect VPN from Linux Mint 18
Wrong subversion binaries in /bin /usr/bin
How do I prevent Viber from turning my microphone volume too high?
"Inflate" a stream to guarantee demanded rate
How to find match and corresponding value in Shell script
ls -ld /dir, Solaris
What caused my CentOS 6.4 box to reboot itself?
Why does rsync look for DSA instead of RSA key when run from cron job?
forward vs. backward symlinks: administrative practice?
Trouble communicating with FTDI FT245RL on ttyUSB0. works fine on Win7x64
Diff 2 files ignoring strings between @ and [
Sending mail using sendmail
How to simulate power outage for a single NUT client?
amavisd: Unrecognized character \xBB;
Migrate from Sendmail to Postfix
Vim colors conflicting with terminal ones
what is the difference between `>> /dev/stderr` (with the white space) and `>&2`?
Why does `cd ~"/mydata"` succeed while `cd ~/"mydata"` not
why the export keyword not working in the second scenario?
STDERR redirection without intermediate file
How to correctly format the output with Awk printf command?
Grep from the last occurrence of a pattern to another pattern
How to use 'tar -c' without any optional arguments?
Download pdf files using wget
SSH copy command is returning exit code 1
prevent program from influencing terminal?
Insert a variable in a string to a random place?
Strange output from AWK
Debian upgrade causes many complications - best upgrading practices?
How do I find directories where none of the files inside have been accessed in a year?
Why is vdir still around?
Efficient data extraction from multiple files to a single CSV file
Can't install gcc on CentOs 7.0
Save command string into bash variable
Error installing java on Virtual Machine
Installing a different php version for a subdomain
How to install Linux Mint from DOS?
How can I uninstall MySQL if I have compiled it from source?
Where to download the debian historical versions such as debian-7.8 or debian6?
How to change FTP home directory in Centos 6
SD card mount error
Merge two-columns files into one file
How can I forbid the Linux kernel from accessing a certain RAM disk?
How do I bypass entering exit manually at the initramfs prompt?
Realtek RTL8111 Network card not working on Ubuntu 14.04
Mount a disk over another disk
Can yum be configured to import keys for non-Red Hat repositories?
sum of all packets in pcap files
How to extract column name (header) from a CSV file which contains the max value in a row?
error while loading shared libraries: libboost_thread.so.1.54.0: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
How can I fix the duplicate mouse error without logging out?
Bash, execute command after invoking a new shell
Loop through a multidimensional array in bash 4
transfer many similar files over ssh
shell operation within makefile
tcsh display cursor on next line
Pipe output of one command to two others
RAM Disk related questions
Custom GUI without desktop environment
String replacement in sed
compare files basis two columns and add field
identify if IP addresses in list A exist within a list of IP ranges in list B
What does the -mtime option for find actually do?
Can't take a proper screenshot with shutter
Pass output from metadata call to MySQL
Prevent FTP users from being able to navigate to directories above their home
Reorder comma-separated fields
Why is a filesystem in linux not classified as a device driver?
exclude lines from a file based on specific values in certain columns
Creating a bridged network for HVM
how to delete rows with less than 2 columns in a data file in linux?
What is the relationship between bash and xterm?
change names of files consistently
Cron Job Download Updates
Why would one need a terminal emulator in the first place?
Progress bar shows incorrect speed when copying files to nfs mounted storage
Measuring speed of communications between processes
How to make a script which automatically copies game save files to a flash drive after the game is closed
Linux copies half slow as windows
Configure wireless interface for multiple locations
Regex matching across multiple lines with 3 values
Trouble creating Debian live USB
Timed display of text in terminal, perhaps slight markup (bold, colors). A.K.A. "play .srt subtitles"
Emacs cperl mode - how to use tabs for indentation instead of spaces
Adding numbers from the result of a grep
Linux -> linux remote X login/desktop
Make find show slash after directories?
How to remove duplicate entries in 'Open With' Nautilus dialogue?
zsync vs. jigdo
How to get started with CentOS?
VISUAL vs. EDITOR – what’s the difference?
find-command for certain subdirectories
Missing Xutf8LookupString call in Solaris 10
Disabling line wrap in Konsole
Is it possible to have vim key bindings in terminal?
How do I add an entry in /etc/fstab for a windows share?
TAB autocomplete in Bourne Shell
OpenBSD - isolation on Desktop application level
Is it the process that has a controlling terminal, or is it the session that has a controlling terminal?
How can I log into a running docker instance?
Why does Linux server close after i do password reset
How to automatically `ecryptfs-mount-private` on `gdm` login in Fedora 27?
How to check if NAS is mounted and responding?
How to correctly restore system partition (iso image) with 'Disks'
Should ntpd be used on Raspbian Stretch?
dm-crypt cryptsetup using cryptodev module
Fontconfig error causes SEGFAULT in skype
acpi_idle vs. intel_idle
ACPI kernel parameter options for HP ProLiant DL380 G5
Add hops on a single machine and forward some trafic to another
Why does man print "gimme gimme gimme" at 00:30?
scanning and grepping
How can I set IP on Debian for multiple interface?
Is it mandatory for a process to belong to a process group?
Quickest way to find the largest file in a directory and subdirectories
Wait to Mount Until Process Not Busy
launch background process, terminal waits for LF/CR before returning to command line
How to fix printer unable to process requests and falling in queue?
Firewall configuration for NFS share of ZFS mirror
Connecting two network namespaces via a veth interface pair where each endpoint has the same name
How can I compare wifi/networking differences between two distros?
How to use any command (such as git) with a normal user's ssh keys but sudo file permissions
Make permanent the UE BOOM bluetooth speaker connection
How can I put one photo in the top center of two other photos?
Inner for loop when run in background in bash spawns new bash process
Drawing tablet only updates two axes at a time
Occurred an error when trying too install packages for python
Random kernel panics with no obvious culprit
Ctrl, Alt, and Super behave like Left Shift and I fixed it in a strange way
urxvt not picking up the correct DPI
Command to Delete Millions of Files From Directory
udev doesn't apply changes recursively
OpenWRT and Current Release Support
sorting using the -k command
find problems again?
Mutt and Postfix : relay access denied
Sharp AR-5516 printer on Linux
Read ahead setting on Solaris
Code letters as numbers
using cd command with a variable
How to configure agetty to autologon on only one terminal
scp requirements for batch mode
Rename folder with odd characters
WiFi: `iw reg set US` Has No Effect
rsyslog not working
Lost credentials to a Linux VM
Flattening complex folder structures with duplicate file names
script not reporting service status correctly
Where are gnome-terminal profiles stored on a Linux distribution?
after power outage no permissions to access samba share from windows machines on the same domain
How is Xserver able to tell which device is a mouse or a keyboard?
After losing ssh connection to box with tmux running, shell is garbled
How to setup a remote ssh server for tunneling to localhost?
system get wrong gateway when bonding
Required permission to create directory
I created a new group & new user. I then added the user to the group. How can I change to that user?
If statment trouble
Executing commands from a process running under a nologin user
Cannot install libstdc++-4.4.4-13.el6.i686.rpm on OEL 6.8
Using sed/awk to retrieve first "non-whitspace token" in each line
Create a file at time 't' after PBS job execution begins
alpine refuses to save imap password
Firefox resets all browser settings to default on each update. Why?
Delete lines with specific word in file
To grep for a word before matching pattern
How do I get segmentation offload working with systemd-networkd?
linux64 extension
How to add comma after each column?
Add command-line to USB unbind udev rule
Earliest I can run xrandr?
Arch: tint2conf - gdk_pixbuf_get_width: assertion 'GDK_IS_PIXBUF (pixbuf)' failed
Use dpkg to view changelog
Networking with Graylog in Qemu?
Alternatives to SkyPE that can call "real" phone numbers
Recover VM Images from dead ceph cluster
Unable to enumerate USB device
How to view and play .mov files on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS
Webmin stopped opening
nginx failed to start
rpcinfo shows service running while it is disabled
Using options of different kinds in ps commands
Echo commands and output to file from interactive shell
Extract dates from /etc/shadow
Protect files from `rm -f`
Get newest gcc for debian?
Edit Application Menu in Fedora 16 XFCE?
Completely disable the menu when I right click on the desktop (LXDE, Openbox, Ubuntu)
xkb: `ctrl:swapcaps` option messes with the escape key
Why does Emacs make it difficult for me to have two frames open the same buffer?
How portable are /dev/stdin, /dev/stdout and /dev/stderr?
Fedora 16: run a binary after automatic login?
Finding Writeable Remaining Space
Registering a Standalong app in the Application Launcher of KDE
Dual boot Fedora 16 with OS X refit
How to reset KDE wallet password in linux?
How to set name to localhost in fedora15?
How to remove the "Received: from" from an e-mails source?
Linux Mint does not shut down
Is there a better alternative to sudoedit?
Install Backtrack 5 r2 into running LUKS setup installed with ubuntu
Accidentally set screen resolution too high, it won't change back
X11 forwarding through SSH
How do I set up the SELinux sandbox in Debian?
Keyboard only desktop environment
How can I find a memory leak of a running process?
Installing basic OS on a server without console
Upload file over ssh and execute command on the remote machine
Substituting strings in a very large file
why inode value changes when we edit in "vi" editor?
NFS different uig/gid on hosts
Why am I not able to login directly using SSH
Unable to connect to wifi on Linux Mint
router latency measured by tcpdump increases
How do I prevent GNOME suspending while I finish a compilation job
No home directory, logging in with HOME=/
gnuplot 'with lines' produces unwanted "boxes"
Superblock corruption on every boot
Indexed archive format?
mbcache documentation
QEMU do not start when executed in background inside shell script
Writing To Disk Before Install
swapping fields in columns by fixed pattern (yes, no, no, yes)
Where does plink (from Putty package) search for remote commands?
Force grub to accept windows installation
Remove lines from file up to a pattern, unless the pattern doesn't exist
UNIX: How to extract date from a variable storing a UNIX DATE
How do I make find follow most, but not all, symbolic links?
How to allow chords of keyboard keys to change the keymap temporarily?
Force IPv6 only through Miredo
Recovering free space after zeroing out drive with sfill?
How to connect to a virtualbox guest?
can't find command 'linux16', need to update Dell BIOS. use startup disk?
terminal hangs after start up of red5 server
When I try to add the Android SDK to my PATH, it gives a context error
How to type ü in Pinyin IME?
Allow user to run a command as root
Restrict the use of su only to a specific group
ALSA --- remarkably horrible sound output on headphones
Access the filesystem as the root user
Right alt not working
Default directory permissions over NFS
What module for network card Intel Corporation Device 1521?
Is there a Terminal Services gateway for Linux?
How many users does Linux support being logged in at the same time via SSH?
vi - search the string you cursor is over?
Gajim can't connect to gmail anymore
Enable remote desktop for Gnome from command line?
Why is uname -M returning an empty string?
Having desktop icons with Thunar on Arch Linux with Openbox
Install Desktop on Centos 6.3 remote server
RedHat / CentOS 5.5 background process has restricted memory
What does the -c option of sg do?
New Computer keeps crashing on fresh install
What's stopping video cards from being utilized to their full capacity on Linux?
How to detect a possible hardware error?
Centos 6 stuck at loading splash screen after successful installation
Use Synaptic Package Installer by default
Execute multiple bash commands on the output of find
vi[m] read range of lines from another file
I want to install Kali Linux side by side on my machine which is currently running on Ubuntu 12.10
set up local mail delivery to user from cron script
User data in evince and cups
Computer doesn't wake from sleep mode
List of packages managed by DKMS
Linux Mint Taskbar and Icons are gone
Grub2 failing to update
How to attach elisp function source code in Emacs?
Setting mouse speed in Gnome just like in other desktop environments
ixgbe: increase rx performance
What are /dev, /run and /run/shm and can I resize them?
Scan for users of networks
Running Mono on CentOS 5 CLI
Does encrypting my whole Lubuntu slow running programs down?
Time synchronization of machines on LAN to GPS NTP server on the LAN
What is this feature in Linux 'to highlight characters' with QT?
External HD: "Permission Denied" on file write
Portable Firefox Linux
How to use DD to clone a partition off a disk image?
What program or feature is overriding my “Unity style” keyboard shortcuts in DockbarX?
delete file with name --help.tgz
xinput - Ctrl+<Left> misbehaves if history-search-backward is mapped
How to get extract/compress option on right clicking?
Computation with numbers from files
Tab key increases volume in Fedora
Allow redirection for a user
Lock file naming pattern
Atom Editor not found,Ubuntu 18.04
Who initializes the address_space data structure?
Steam not running under WINE after Linux Mint restart
Shift keys not working
Download ZIP file of private GitHub repository using `wget` like `curl`
Can not get correct source tar.gz in copr.fedorainfracloud.org
How to make a pipeline wait for end-of-file or stop after an error?
How to make my Ubuntu client a member of Windows Server 2012 Active Directory Domain to have interoperability?
How to advocate for GNU to add a "--json" parameter for all CLI commands to be compliant?
Install brctl for OpenWrt - which package?
Create shell script to remove certain files from specified directories
is it possible to install libBLT.2.4.so.8.5?
Is there a different file location for grub2 configuration files on a UEFI system?
How to determine where a tarball expanded
Can I specify a command line recipient using bsd-mailx and Debian 8?
Loop commands to network daemon?
Pinentry fails with gpg-agent and SSH
Restricting CPU time of processes by executable path
Simple notification on program completion
SLES official repository connection (activation code available for SLES 12, not SLES 11 SP3) solution: use SLES SP4
Undesired ICMP Destionation Unreachable Message
What is the root/subvolume of a btrfs filesystem?
connect 4 namespace through ovs bridge
"WannaCry" on Linux systems: How do you protect yourself?
Append Value to end of the file based on match content
Boot CentOS7 in graphical mode
Mint desktop turns black after usb is plugged in
How to add multiple tasks in one command on Taskwarrior?
What is the difference between dmesg and journalctl
Channel selection with sox
Is there any way that I can make packet injection to work on my MBA 2015 11"s Wireless NIC (Broadcom)?
How to override warning in Taskwarrior?
Extract first two parts of each line using awk
Password protect a program without system accounts
why is this parallel process not writing output to files but printing to console instead?
How do I configure wpa_supplicant.conf for enable the WPS push-button on android6?
Kernel module compilation fails: No rule to make target droid/sunxi-livesuite-master/awusb''
sshfs:type of file differs from mountpoint
upload files to gdrive using a tool but in a script
Open emacs from terminal like vim?
Fedora - Nginx PHP-FPM - constantly changing FPM Socket to root
Copying or redirecting text as input to UART, need to enforce slower bandwidth
exit ssh and still have a command running?
Clonezilla clone won't boot without reinstalling grub2
Use expect script from Vagrantfile for provisioning - problem with non existing file during execution
Yubikey file encryption without using OpenPGP?
Can two machines running on Linux have same hostname?
How to change du recursion order
How do I add Swap partition after the installation has been done?
Only one of the two processor cores is recognized by Linux Mint on my laptop
Setting SMB 2.0 as default for mount operations
"No Boot Device is found"
listen a power-button event in Python (no ACPI)
local shutdown scripts (do's and don't's)
Merging two different files with conditions
How to calculate the sum of the data that have the same ID in the first column?
how to subtract a constant value from a data file?
How can we run a command stored in a variable?
Can FIFO or other thing not block on writer's access, and instead just drop data?
How to find a private class A IP address assigned to cable modem by DHCP server?
Make arecord ignore aplay
Practical protection of a single file against change and deletion
Why can't we easily bridge over a wireless NIC
Grep/sed/awk or pull certain information in a file using regex/linux commands
How do I clear a user's cached Active Directory password on CentOS 7?
Why does '[a-z]*' match non-alphabetical strings?
Not all Cores activated, NR_CPUS limit exceeded
Polling network range for certain SNMP OIDs
Android's touchscreen key events on Linux
openssl generating SHA-256
In X11, how to detect if a window has opened or closed
yum install and update fail - GPG keys listed for the "CentOS-7 - Updates" repository are already installed but they are not correct
How do I create an Xfce application menu containing only the contents of one category?
Regular Expression to match (not x) and y (!x & y)
Why does reboot and poweroff require root privileges?
My printer in /dev/usb/lp0 always disappear after few seconds, and can't print, how to fix it? (Ubuntu 14.04)
urxvt powerline symbols
Sanity check (MD5 sums) fails after joining a file
How can i list all stopped services in the order that they were stopped
while loop shell script
Is it evil to link to a crontab?
How do you remove newline character in the middle of file?
how to remove 0 (zero) from the day and month but not from the year (01/09/2012) using in Linux (Redhat)
Can I use a variable storing a regular expression wherever a regular expression is expected?
Sendmail authinfo for multiple users on the same relay?
How to use "wc -l " on this line? Count rows within shell script and output the count value only
SD card img created with dd is all zeros
Tightvnc server
ZSH Snippets - Multiple Placeholder?
Is it correct that `od` can't show binary number?
In a shell script, process options like -a -b but leave --abc alone?
Is it possible to intercept calls to unlink and redirect files to /trash?
Why does LC_MESSSAGES need to be exported on macOS homebrew bash to take effect?
Found too many current_mirror incs!
How to pass parameters for Debian installer (.deb)
Change errpt logs language for AIX systems
Does creating a new shell via bash -c passes environment
How to schedule to run testng.xml file on terminal on linux environment?
Looping through an array with for gives different results
sed: replace part of text in previous line if match is found
Accessing a linux file content through an url
Running `ntpd -q -g` to set the time on Raspberry Pi never completes
No clipboard support with X11forwarding?
Does ksh93 support +o type options with its getopts(1) builtin?
Exernal addresses not resolving
Can I run wayland application in X?
journald socket buffering for option ForwardToSyslog
sh shell: how to use $1 inside quotes
Ubuntu upgrade from 18.04 to 18.10 got stuck in "Removing xserver-xorg-hwe-16.04 (3:14.1)"
Masquerade rule with netfilter-persistent
sshfs through two hops?
Get many options commands
Which packages are installed with the Ubuntu minimal server option?
cutting a directory name with multiple instances of the same delimiter (Shell)
Recursively find ONLY the latest logs in all sub-folders and save to file
Running Qt from launcher
SCP requires password but if I SSH to the same server it does not
How to open files with a wine application from mc?
In the code "{ exec >/dev/null; } >/dev/null" what is happening under the hood?
What is the equivalent to "cp --backup=numbered" in alpine linux?
How to test command-line utilities for performance?
Will it be bad that a function or script name contains dash `-` instead of underline `_`?
Bash: turn stderr back on after suppressing
Bash: Execute command independent of parent PID?
How to delete a invalid osd in ceph cluster?
Preventing all the process to print to console expect the configuration wizard process
How to use `module load program/1.1` within a bash script?
How can I see memory usage history?
Test for function's existence that can work on both bash and zsh?
Is there a way to configure Libreswan to opportunistically create an IPSec SA with a remote host by preloading certificates or keys?
How can I tell my system to shutdown, stay off for X seconds, then restart?
Connecting to embed yocto using minicom text garbage
pstack not printing stack output
How to set and understand fs.notify.max_user_watches
PXE Boot End Up In Dracut Command Line
resume gnuscreen with split area
Listing packages explicitly installed by the user using dnf
Cannot shrink lvm2 partition
Kubuntu 18.04, cron task does not load @reboot
Why rsync creates an unnamed folder on destination?
How to install vagrantbox from a downloaded file
Lightdm locking session on suspend when it should not
Touchpad ALPS0001 starts working after Sleep-WakeUp
How does editing entries in cron file work?
Why does locking your screen stop terminal backups
Freeze (pause) an Xorg output
What is/How to create a UID/GID File
Linux review T background job
When does history expansion happen in bash?
Can XFCE shortcuts be specified in a configuration.nix file?
How can I reorganise the package list in aptitude's graphical (TUI) mode?
Linux mint desktop menus styles and scrollbars are gone
Debian 9 not booting to GUI
Can my client ask my NFS server which minor version of NFS4 is available?
Can't Get Necromancer (OpenBSD VM) to connect to the network
Configure XFCE startup commands in NixOS
How to start Vim from a trap and still be able to resume it after suspending it?
Which installation does man find for a command name?
How to do math manipulation with variables in conky?
Can't run KDE on Arch, $DISPLAY not set
xset blank screen on idle not working (lubuntu)
Is it safe assume the IFS is set?
Accessing jq arrays with bash attribute
Mutt and character sets issue
UI Fonts on (some) applications are unreadably small
Unable to read contents of Fedora file system!
Finding duplicate files and moving ONE copy to another drive, deleting all other copies
Empty variable print '' when quoted
Sudden crash with black screen showing /dev/sda1:
Load loopback module when a source is available
Compare dates using awk in bash
Is it possible to apply setuid only for a specific user?
How can I store PID into a file
awk string manipulation
How does `cat` work so that it allows reading a file line as an array element?
Colour Errors / Warnings / Information in bash script
What are the area(s) of difference between Linux distributions that involve an actual incompatibility?
Realtek rtl8821ce wifi drivers for Ubuntu Budgie
Why would there be a binary incompatibility between packages for different Linux distributions?
Not VNC based solution of a Remote Desktop access to Linux from outside
Using Ubuntu 18.04 LTS on Chromebook with crouton
Cannot send desktop capture to ffserver?
Linux tool for http downloading using multiple connections via multiple interfaces
How single-label dns lookup requests are handled by systemd-resolved?
Some Question About Polling
Docker SELinux Error on mounting NFS volume to container
Detect key status in zsh from the Linux console
tsort: -: input contains an odd number of tokens
Does readarray allow to specify line delimiter?
If a string has a blank within it, can I still use tsort on the string?
Why does tsort not report any loop in this example?
How to get the available X cursor sizes?
Dynamic and Static Leases on ISC DHCP
Duplicate elements of an array except the first and last elements
Memory immediately available in Linux memory management system
Why can't I use "$whoami" as a variable in "chown $whoami path"?
Replace same line in file 1 from file 2 with conditon
/usr/lib/tracker/tracker-store causes very heavy CPU load on Debian "Buster"
Bash sort array according to length of elements?
How important is it that $TERM is correct?
Creating intermediate object files to another directory with Makefile
pyinotify-- no space left on device
How to send a file for single POST parameter with CURL?
Permission Error with Fill Path Only
Is there a tablet-like desktop or theme that works well with touch screens?
Can I expose Docker container stats to SNMP
Arch Linux Installation - GPG Errors and Unrecognized Archive Format
'pthread_create: Resource temporarily unavailable' when running multiple docker instances
I need a command to know if a file is linking to another file
log show command output manipulation
iproute2 - ip addr json import
Which file does apt update actually work on?
The *correct* way to require root for changes via nmcli to NetworkManager
Maltego stuck in Starting Modules Ubuntu 18.04
Is it a best practice to have both Bind and DNSMasq which is running on port 53?
Modification required for the perl command
Find command output to sort and then delete
How can I limit how much a program can utilise my GPU?
Enabling vim undo history in Cygwin
Undoing C syntax mangling macros to make exctags able to create prototype tags
How to retain retain et. al. in mail(x)
ssh dynamic port forwarding with remote (-g) is not working
How do i execute multiple commands sequentially on the command line?
Use proxy in linux server. Different result between command line and browser execution
Any terminal shell with mouse support?
make -v report really strange problem
How to distinguish devices with the same vendor's id
How can I pretty format a JSON file, with all the correct indents and everything?
Gracefully shutting down USB disk drives before disconnect
No Video Output with DVI to VGA converter
Untar directory from large tarball
How can you determine which process scheduler is being used?
Printing files as PDF with syntax highlighting via terminal
SSH multi-hop with certificate
Grouping lines into heterogeneous subsets
Automatic and reliable back up of data
Wrong eUID in `/proc/PID/status` when SETUID is used
Working with screen via another screen session
Send mail at startup
No output from headphones jack (occasionally), although system displays output
Installing Linux on a tablet
Debian upgrade from Wheezy to Jessie fails on Amazon EC2
How to get the values for "set root" in menuentry while setting password for GRUB2 on CentOS 7
Howto prevent service down repeated email sent alerts via bash
Bash script error: integer expression expected
Using `nohup` to Import MySQL Dump on Debian Server
How to install RHEL source code RPM in non-default directory?
How to comment in a windows.tmux file
Reduce bind9 cache on a forwarded zone only
Vagrant: missing destination file operand after ‘/etc/exports’
Why does sudo need the loopback interface?
Find file, Edit text within files
Flash OpenWrt Routers from Telnet
Can't access host-only network when on two interfaces
Convert / import flat file with multiple records, one variable per line
Conflict between libtwolame0 and libtwolame0:i386
AODV Routing protocol on Raspberry Pi model B?
apt-get: changing status of packages in bulk to not automatically installed
How to install CUDA Toolkit 7/8/9 on Debian 8 (Jessie) or 9 (Stretch)?
what's difference between src version 3.* and 3.*-generic
Is there ever a good reason to run sudo su?
How can I combine different csv files from differenet folders with the name of each file as a column name in the combined file?
Free or cheap shell (i.e., platform) to run a Linux C program with root privileges (raw socket)
Keeping record of disk usage in Debian
Alsa snd-aloop: add more loopback subdevices?
External monitor works with one user account but not the other
download java-1.8.0-openjdk-devel from epel repo
error message - openssl: command not found
After a heavy I/O load, and storing many things in Zram, used space is close to total in `free`
Auth.log entries: How do you interpret this log?
Apparmor fails to start (ubuntu 18.04)
Permissions not extended to user in minecraft group
FedUp, unable to upgrade to Fedora 20
Substring only the first column in awk
How to edit/delete a .dot_file on mac without using Terminal
how to use & for sudo
How to delete 2 months back files in unix
What is the difference between Kali Linux minimal and normal?
what is meant by vi and emacs editing modes
Meaning of Crossing filesystem boundaries, --one-file-system, etc
CentOS(6.3) Gnome Desktop Environment does not respond!
Downloading files over ssh based on a list of filenames
Is there a command to switch to into an existing namespace?
How to get MTPFS working on Scientific Linux 6.4?
How can I change the GTK engine on Cinnamon >= 2.0?
Find files systemwide that are created within a date range
Keep same width of middle column in ThreeColMid layout in xmonad
How to raise android kernel poll frequency for power supply values in sysfs?
How to upgrade the Debian 10 kernel from backports without recompiling it from scratch
Bridge (patch in) vincviewer?
LLinux Device Driver interfacing
Ansible Search for kernel module loaded
kafka-console-consumer does not receive messages in Docker
How can I make apt install packages of a specific release with just apt update and upgrade when I have repositories from buster and sid?
Capturing output from `git push` so I can auto open the "create new PR" url
What is the nginx equivalent of `apachectl -S`?
Looking to use a light distro to run two VMs
How does ls --tab-size work?
Automatic routing when connecting a usb network adapter
Help parsing JSON stream into Python with BASH and jq
bash how to script if I expect both spaces and symbols like `~` in path variables?
What are some options for Localforward keeps changing?
How to recursively find file, concatenate into one file and simultaneously delete the original file
Unable to access Apache webserver from local home network
Diff comparison and output to separate file
install postgresql-12 in CentOS-8 got No match for argument: postgresql12
Origin of the word console in computing
How do i get python to tail a logfile? Tried various methods
Why should I login multiple times on Debian to access to my session?
Tracking attached windows on GNU screen
Why does `tr` not work with find and with command substitution?
httpd failed to start
Symlinked directories and output redirect
Tell mutt email client to leave mails on server and _not_ download them again next time?
logging with util-linux without systemd unit specified
rysnc permission denied for Folder /var/lib
Linux sed regex escape
Prevent the mouse to wake up display (UI Testing)
Can someone explain these mounts on these filesystem on a pod in a k8s cluster?
ControlMaster conflicts with ForwardAgent
X11 won't come up on Centos 7.7 systems
Using tar to update archive with files from a while loop?
dnf : how to install local packages
Calling Ansible variables inside Shell script
PXE booting on KVM stops at 4GiB
Convert this particular .bash_profile to .zprofile
Pi-hole local domain name not updating in client list
Debian 10: Network doesn't work anymore after successful netinst installation
setxkbmap conflicting with xmodmap
How to wait for docker in systemd user mod?
Parallel Copy from local folders to remote servers at the same time
Reinstalled Ubuntu, i use separate /home partition, can't launch apps from previous install
Backlit keyboard setting not saved upon resuming from suspend
Xorg thinks touchpad is exact pointing device
Does "Darik's Boot And Nuke" effectively erase data so that it cannot be recovered?
SSH with chroot and only working "sftp", "rsync" (both)?
Questions about sudo
cat command appears to be adding extra $ character at the end of each line
port being in use not displayed in netstat output
Log out a user and delete the account
Put the XFCE extended dektop on the right-side monitor
What to do when you removed execute permission from some system binaries or libraries?
Naming PPP interfaces
Comment all lines from last commented line to line with 'foo'
sslserver using 100% cpu
What does the 'barrier' mount flag mean in Linux?
How do I diagnose a font rendering problem?
aix ksh start weblogic server without nohup.out and return to underlying script
how to migrate a squashfs system to another filesystem that's read/write
How do you view a sql.gz file as plain text SQL from the command line?
sed regex issue
Centos 7 and VNC access right?
Lags on file access, is my HDD going to break?
Command set in /etc/rc.local on Ubuntu 13.04 is ignored
need give read write access to a folder and its subfolders and directories for a particular user
Finding the number of time a particular number in a file where range also specified
Updating PHP to Gaurd Against Mayhem Malware
transfer a file to remote dir only if doesn't exist without replacing
multiple clients accessing one email account over IMAP
What makes systemd-nspawn still "unsuitable for secure container setups"?
Cannot connect to ssh server
Cutting an AV file (MP4)
How to execute a script at the start and end of every application?
Passing arguments from a file to a bash script
Call the script after disconnecting from server
How to kill all open windows?
Applications' tray icons aren't displayed in Linux Mint 17 on Cinnamon
How to determine the newly closed file within a continuous audit log rotation?
Find last shutdown time
path in environment variable PATH, but command still not found
Downgrade gcc to 4.6.3 on fedora?
Mail filtering with procmail in a postfix/dovecot system with virtual users
Reverse match in sed, replace opposite of what was found
Hardware configuration required for DNS server
PS: what does "ps -o comm= -p $PPID" do
PATH update does not stay after reboot
Linux: $SSH_CONNECTION is set even without SSHing to the server
Is there a way to pass a variable from an awk statement to a bash function as an argument?
XMonad not launching xmobar
Why does mencoder output still images if I try to encode them under 3 FPS, while mencoder outputs dynamic images if I output them at 3 FPS or over?
Grub doesn't recognize windows 8
Same native compilation for different distributions
paths for searching executables
Disabling hibernation in debian testing (lxde)
Get driver location for particular printer via command line
Recursively create directories for all letters
Reading through a csv file
Do I need to setup my ZFS (using FreeBSD 10) for foreign-language files (e.g. filenames in Japanese/Thai/etc language)?
add groups from external file
Triggering Bash Before Killed
How do I make a backup image of ChromeOS on an AcerC720?
29GB Log File on Linux Mint on a 38GB Partition
nginx not restarting after changing port
If any spawned child processes fail, kill all and exit
SCSI's, SATA's, RAID's oh my. Please direct me the wizard of RAID recovery
ping works but curl does not
How to define ffmpeg's path during compilation of another software?
How to find the BSP sections in the Linux source code?
What's up with this 'gnome' package?
A small challenge to familiarize myself with Linux
How do I install Chromium on Linux Mint using Software Manager?
Invoking pushd in a shell script
Where on the Web can I find a comprehensive list of rolling-release Linux distros?
kdialog --getsavefilename target/directory?
Prevent a USB external hard drive from sleeping
what is the difference between spin locks and semaphores?
How to debug the input from an input-device (/dev/input/event*)
What are ConsoleKit and PolicyKit? How do they work?
saving data from a failing drive
Add arguments from previous command to zsh completion
How to give HTTP traffic higher priority?
Is it possible to boot an x86 Linux kernel using both 80x25 text mode consoles and VESA framebuffer consoles?
How to efficiently use 3D via a remote connection?
Which filesystem to use for a partition shared with a parallel Windows installation?
How to setup a "data" partition shared by multiple Linux OS'es?
Xargs and rm with a *
Can one PC be used by two users at the same time via dual-monitor?
What is the state of the Linux Standard Base?
KDE starting without anything else (no panels, no window manager/decorator)
How can I avoid the prompts when installing a FreeBSD port?
wubi pros and cons
Is there truth to the philosophy that you should sync; sync; sync; sync?
Dot Matrix printer setup in Debian
Is it possible to control which monitor is considered the primary monitor?
As we call `#!/bin/perl` 'shebang', what we call `-*- perl -*-`?
viewing info documentation with vim
How do I merge two *.avi files into one?
What controls turning off during overheating on Linux
Turning off splitting lines in vim
How do I tell a script to wait for a process to start accepting requests on a port?
Suggestions for a command line IRC client that supports downloads?
Is there any Project Management FLOSS that has Resource leveling?
How can you schedule a computer to boot at a specific time?
Is there a BSD operating system that can be booted off a logical drive partition?
How do I jump to the next or previous word with CTRL + arrow keys in a console?
Debian/Grub2: Moving root partition to new drive?
Easily updatable troubleshooting LiveUSB distro
How to back up initial state of external backup drive?
Sending input to a screen session from outside
How can I disable bells/visualbells in vim?
Which tools for ASCII portfolio visualization?
Modifying standard DTT scripts to use -c instead of $1
How do I create a tun device for the actual physical network interface?
SSSD delete users
Directory size causing cpu load
How do I password-lock a tmux client?
I can copy file but can not move it from my Mac Terminal
grep within an if statement
How do I create a listner on remotely
Best practice for mounting a Windows partition
Ping source interface "ping: invalid source address eth0:1"
NTP Server - sync from local system clock
How can I get /proc/net/dev from vmcore?
Check for bash options
Arch Linux in virutalbox: kernel panic-not syncing: VFS: unable to mount root fs on unknown block(0,0)
Linux Router for One Application using iptables
XMonad: layout with n columns
Are there some signals that you cannot override their default signal handler?
How to show the host name in Linux commandline prompt
Gnome 3 doesn't run on Kali Linux
Shell script - text processing
Rlogin prompting for remote password (Kali / Metasploitable)
Unlocking all ports in a router when using Linux
Delete Entries in File if the Same Entry Exists in a Master File
Display full settings of sshd
How can I find and replace only in a range of columns?
Asterisk:Registration is UNREACHABLE VOIP chan_sip.c:15171 sip_reg_timeout
load balancing multiplie services linux
Tmux bindings using Ctrl+comma
NIS client is not able to change password using yppasswd?
Log when program is run
How do I nest quotes four deep?
Using http remote MD5 hash
Docker image creation using RPM
parallel processing using xargs
How to get rid of the delay way before Lenovo touch pad reacts?
What could be the cause for going to uniterruptable deep sleep state for this particular make process?
Project Atomic registry not listening on 443
How can I use the rename command to fix these file names?
Why does awk print the whole line when I want it to print a variable?
Prepackage Arch Linux (ARM) with packages before installing
If statement in inputrc
CUPS doesn't count the copies of documents
How to get file owner in AIX without munging ls output?
Move from sylpheed to Thunderbird easily
parallel file copy using tee unexpectedly slow
awk to cut portion of a field and still print entire line
Apache <LocationMatch> using x-forwared-for
why rsync does not do delta transfer
Smart case completion in Bash?
Configuring simple service with systemd
Various scripts I see will not run through python
Inbound and Outbound ports need to open for NFS in AWS
Is PXEBooting a way to quickly restore a server?
Users in sshfs filesystem, or alternatives
Is there a process that is always running that uniquely identifiers a user in linux.
find IP and PORT in use by Apache
how much time logrotate waits between postrotate and compression
openSSH login slow for one user but not others
Since when Disks statistics in `top` command are counted?
How can I sort specific lines of strings from this file on my Ubuntu Server?
Passing variables to script
BASH: Using awk to filter unique lines results in 0 length array
How to multiply two columns in a file by a constant number
How to add a column of numbers to a array data file
What does the argument " +x " means in Unix? (Regarding permissions)?
sed - find correct color sequence for ANSI extended 256 colors
Proper way to convert PDF to word from bash command-line
Count the number of lines found by grep
What's the fastest way to install Postgresql on Wind River 7.0?
Using multiple sed commands for text manipulation
Compare logs without timestamp
RHEL openssl conflicts
blkid not working immediately after cdrecord
Find out which encoding method less uses to display the content of a text file?
Change the status of the keyboard leds, from within an X session, without root access
Difference between "bash executable" and "bash -c executable"
UNC Argument in bash scipt
How to call a "sub" .inputrc? (Like in .bashrc, where you can "source sub_script.sh")
Linux Mint stops suddenly, seems to be halted but is still working. I can't log into the desktop
Pass root file system by label to linux kernel
Fedora 27 update broke dual monitor setup
`tee` and `bash` process substitution order
How to transfer local files using PuTTY via ssh to remote server?
MySQL Select with function IN () with bash array
Debian Stretch: gnome-software segfault in libgs_plugin_systemd-updates.so
Ubuntu 14.04 VM resizing in VMWare fusion 7 whenever a terminal is opened?
To get Stable Keyboard Configs for 90 WPM and Dvorak in Debian?
How to know number of cores of a system in Linux?
SSD: how often should I do fstrim?
Linux, SSD and swap
BASH script to search for files in folders of 4 digits and older than 7 days
No Internet connection for new installation
Why the number is rounded over ssh?
Storage allocator out of space error on unix shell script
How do I use octave to find the numerical solutions to a system of non-linear equations?
How to print the before lines of search keyword with out using grep in a gz file?
Resolving hostname takes 5 seconds
What the heck is going on with my cron scheduler? (rsnapshot)
VPN SoftEther - I can't access VPN server directly from VPN connected device
Can you tell if a file has been renamed?
Why won't Bacula work without the label command?
Partition table consuming 32K of data?
cat specific line range from /etc/hosts to dialog box
Run script simulatneously with loading desktop
How to do a loop to execute many files
Executables in /usr/bin not showing for permissioned users
How to allow traceroute to run as root on ubuntu
Getting HP ThinPro T5325 to PXE Boot
elinks -dump not finishing on long url
Substvars Doesn't Work Correctly
Converting files to OGG with FFMPEG produces an extremely large file
How to unwrap paragraphs using sed
Restore unencrypted LVM2 logical volumes to LVM on LUKS setup?
How to limit the load average
using sudoers to allow non-privileged user to restart apache
Unable to download data using curl for loop
Find and Replace with command line
SQLite command line: How do you pipe output to a UNIX utility?
Issues in accessing samba share on windows 10 only
Duplicate file x times in command shell
Ping from subinterface
"-bash: /root/.bashrc: Permission denied" when logging in
SQLite3 command line: how do you cancel a command?
slow file transfer through serial port with cat
Systemd linked unit files on mounted disk fail to load
Lynx colors not applied
virtualbox-5.0 : Depends: libvpx2 (>= 1.4.0) but it is not installable
How to set cups to use all paper trays on a printer?
Microphone NOT working on Ubuntu 16.04.02TLS GNOME
ntpdate IPv4 query to localhost ntp server failing
Ubuntu Linux - Slow printing with lp command
C compiler cannot create executables when installing gcc AND binutils
Cannot export samba user with pdbedit. How can I backup my samba users?
Is executable file "running" in current shell or sub shell?
Installing Oracle JDK 1.7 -- 404 error
How does `getline` work in AWK?
Parsing through a CSV file to add users
Changing password of postfix user account directly in the MySQL database
Using echo -e in PS1 causes line break issues in shell
Replace comma delimited file with pipe, but not remove comma or quotes etc within text qualifier field, however, remove text qualifier!
How to install Debian with full disk encryption for UEFI?
Rolling back changes made by source command
Does the process on the slave side of a pty talks to the line discipline or to the slave tty driver?
Why does default bash seem to not have some of the commands I've used in history but does have others?
Saving disk space in VMs
do_IRQ: 0.163 No irq handler for vector (irq -1)
sed equivalent code for AIX
Is every single file in the /dev directory is a device file?
Is the /dev directory the only place in Linux where device files can be stored?
Troubles updating the Grub2 config file for Windows 7
Best way to upgrade vim/gvim to 7.3 in Ubuntu 10.04?
Can someone diagnose this JACK error message?
Wireless card won't connect right away
Gnome - windows always open top left
Execute a file in an application based on the file's extension in bash
cursor position after pasting in vi / vim
What would cause "crossover" between two USB2 webcams when using motion?
Guest Additions in VirtualBox
Why read() is slower than getc()?
How to move the files based on Year
How to access u boot environment from linux?
Specify script to run with SSH upon login
Allow a non-super-user run process to fork and clone itself (probably duplicate)
Which tools can find unicode (UTF-8) text in files containing any form of normalization?
Is it possible to emulate package versioning in Debian-based distributions?
Why does grub break after installing a distro externally
Redirection to named file descriptor buggy inside functions
Am I at risk? How to interpret debscan vulnerability output?
Handle specific error in bash
How to Mount an NTFS Formatted SD Card with pmount (or other tool)?
Elementary OS Juno - Wifi not working
How to include input file name in output file name in ffmpeg
nfs over usb beaglebone black linux
gnu parallel how to use with ffmpeg
How load firmwares from non-free cd-including-firmware Debian?
Rename files based on JSON content using jq
How to read DDR4 SPD with ee1004 driver?
Ubuntu Security Patches for Apache2
Run a single process that can fork and clone as a non-root-user
dockerfile to append multi-lines config file
E: Unable to locate package nvidia-graphics-drivers-418
issues in Setting Up Zimbra Collaboration Suite (ZCS) on RHEL/CentOS 7/6
Bash script returns permission denied message
Tracing environment variable modification
I/O Failure when overwriting entire disk
How to interpret `cryptsetup benchmark` results?
Consecutively copy two lines and skip the third using awk
Writing to quota folder as owner of folder instead of anyother user
How to prompt a password automatically in Unix Shell script?
card reading killing my battery, on macbook pro running Debian
ceph fs apply latency too high resulting in high load in VMs
Move lines 2 3 after line 5 using awk
g-io-error-quark 39 error when stopping dbus-service
Equivalent to config --global alias for bash
Need to Open Port 1111 in unix server
Unable to install dahdi - /usr/bin/install: cannot stat ‘’: No such file or directory
creating an array, not working
How can I diagnose a mono service terminating unexpectedly?
Start detached screen session with more than 80 columns?
How can I avoid always having to use `eval 'ssh-agent -s'`
Problem using wget to create static archive of website
How do I use `lsh` as client for an OpenSSHD server with no password?
Print smallest integer from file using awk custom function?
How do I ask password by GUI prompt while using sudo in script?
PulseAudio ~/.pulse/default.pa not used
How to give a custom name to a serial device on connection?
Why this strange sorting of dnf package result list?
Shorewall rejects traffic when being forwarded on a single public interface
Why can't devices connected to my wlan0 interface communicate with eth0 devices?
How do I show UTC time in the i3status bar?
Password Generator not working OS X
send super key to remote Citrix session
Duplicate file, replace character, then concatenate
Filtering out inputs to textfile
Colored Output from Bash Script
Open a new instance of gnome-system-monitor
Ruby gems not recognized in bash script
How can I scramble a text file table, with a table
Why is my service-unit-file a file, but others are a directory?
Why would strace and /proc/pid/stat show a process taking no CPU time, despite the process doing work?
Moving contents of current directory up one level and overwriting if exists recursively
Array + why arrays are not in the Right place
kernel sysfs doesn't recognize storage kobjects
How to setup swift in Ubuntu 18.10?
How to get the CR95HF NFC reader to work in the Linux NFC stack
error: /'boot' not found
Restricting Bash Filename Expansion
Confusion between Xenial and Sylvia in Unattended-upgrades
How to delete backed files only from original storage device?
how to find the size of the disk that OS is installed on
UFW not opening ports on Fedora
File Permission - Only let script read?
How to use sed to obfuscate an IPv6 address
How to export a GPG private key and public key to a file
Linux: How to display the output of both command who and pwd using 1 command
how to get lines which has a string in the form of groupid:artifactid:version from maven build output?
Is an Apple File System (APFS) driver for linux available or in progress?
Replace part of a line by other part of the same line
bash wildcard expansion even if quoted
checkinstall equivalent of `make install -C build`
nginx 1.14 on Debian Testing (buster) - no TLS 1.0 / 1.1?
Webmin utf support
Determine Solaris server model inside a zone?
Is it possible to send packets between network namespaces using only TUN/TAP interfaces?
Awk: to count the repeat and number in the increasing order
Manjaro OS shows wrong time
Ubuntu 14.04 install "old lamp" stack for penetration testing
HOW to configure Xournal to delete by stroke by default
Kernel cannot find init in initramfs image
How to install octave 4.2.0 on my machine?
How does systemd provide data to the service triggered by a socket?
Kickstart netinstall ignores kickstart file hosted in LAN and proceeds with manual installation
tar directory and exclude multiple subdirectories
gzip multiple files and rename them
Trying to install Image package on Octave 4.4.1
How to force the kernel to always maintain at least some page cache?
Systemctl httpd.service file changed on disk
Changing field delimiter and quoting character
Eliminating multiple-extension file names from find output
Regex for sed/awk command
Date Command Gives Wrong Week Number for Dec 31
How to scroll in Eclipse with mouse wheel-button pushed down
Why might one add ~/.profile to ~/.bash_profile?
Can't set the locale (man-db.cron)
How can I kill my backticked yes process?
df reports 100% full filesystem, du shows only 25% used even though there's no unlinked file
Can I enable cephx authentication using a pool in qemu/kvm?
How to use single quotes inside ssh and sqlplus
What are the right permissions to set to make files unreadable unless it's my main user accessing them?
Make subdirectory world writable even if parent folder is not
regex matching and substring extraction
Is there a way to automatically restart docker after updating firewall rules with iptables?
Multiple (combine) USB sound cards with Alsa + Jack + Pure Data
actual usage of 'grub-mkimage --config= '
Complex sed Command with AND/OR/NOT
File permission issues
How can I extend the disabled time of touchpad after keypress so it won't activate?
How to run an executable with systemd before NetworkManager shutsdown
Add line to configuration file from a bash script?
How to use ls in nslookup on HP-UX?
How to save a path with ~ into a variable?
While line read maintaining escaped spaces?
Mount --bind in the same filesystem move files as in the same filesystem
Weird issue passing variables from text file
Synaptic Package Manager File Settings
Receiving email on a fresh new Debian
How does Linux kernel developers handle their work with millions of rows of code? Is their a method?
How do i set framebuffer console font > 32x16?
Oracle 11gR2 failed on CentOS 7
astyle does not change source file formatting
Disallowed characters in WPA/WEP SSID and Password?
Command line pub / sub without a server?
Multi-line file shuffle
Physical Links (Phys) and HDD slot
Can't connect to eduroam via `wpa_supplicant`:
jq add or update a value with multiple --arg
Can a process allocate cache memory such that the kernel can seize it when necessary?
Sort files alphabetically with ls on Linux?
Firefox displaying input bars as black, equations in light gray
Can a package be installed but not seen by yum or rpm commands?
How can root password prompt be suppressed?
Use parallel to split many directories into subdirectories
jq print key and value for all in sub-object
LSB codename isn't a valid Linux Mint codename, cannot install Wine
Brightness Control missing on Debian 8
Gnome 3 keyboard shortcuts sometimes stop working until reboot
Changing order of font style
How to guarantee writes are physically committed before reported completed?
difference between .* and * in regular Expression
how to get exit status from the command before the last
Unexpectedly lost speaker output. Headphone output works fine
Why is scdaemon ballooning out of control?
See which file using postfix
How do I install Red Hat Linux 9.0 Shrike from a USB drive?
Shutting the computer down from Openbox
Unix vs Mac OS X, Notable Difference
How do I get rid of unnecessary mp3 tags in my music library?
Measure disk IO latencies of a running process
How to create rootfs for user mode Linux on Fedora 18?
How to convert all .wav files in subdirectories to .aac using neroAacEnc?
How to get the GNOME version?
Installing packages and tools on a local non-standard directory
Calling bash from sh (dash) with commands read from args, and "Unterminated quoted string"/"unexpected EOF"
A script's background process is still alive after closing the terminal
Manage network connections on Arch Linux
Input/output file.txt in bash shell
LXC apparmor profile limits executing scripts in /run/*
Why won't the for loop execute on directory
Confirm before exit the command-prompt
VIM: Display Hex Code Inline
Gajim, gtalk, and logind
Finding all "essential" packages with apt
Can I make grep treat escaped multiline as a single line?
Line spacing in chat using pidgin
Fedora 18: can't resolve hosts
"Acpi-State" in slabtop's output gets increased — what is it? Is it a bug?
where are the "files" of ipcs and why are named pipes (mkfifo) not listed in ipcs
use `/run/shm` (formerly `/dev/shm`) as a temp directory
netcat: send text to echo service, read reply then exit
How to get DNSMASQ to work?
copying multiple files by filename
Two conditions in if (only positive numbers without letters)
Redirect specific traffic on bridge to different port
How are files/dirs hidden from ls -a while still being accessible otherwise in a POSIX compliant system?
Store variable from output bash
Alpine Installation with preseed cfg
What happens if I skip the boot loader installation?
centos - Remove penguin logo at startup
Linux mint 18.1 with menu bar on the side can we show application text?
How do I use a serial port as a source for Syslog?
Using grep to find substring between two string variables that contain paths
Replace file with hard link to /dev/null
How to EDIT only the last line (or any specific line number(s)) using awk command?
OpenVPN HMAC authentication failing despite seemingly identical client & server configs
Sort by columns
Pulse audio set rear speakers to be boosted?
USB 3.0 not working in linux mint
How to force machines connected to an AP to use the local AP DNS?
Is there a command called "on" to execute commands on remote computers?
How to take a screenshot of a KDE Splash screen?
Accessing FAT32 partition from Windows
Remove drive from soft RAID
Add the decimals and align to the right
Replacing file contents with SED in 2 files
How to get bash indexes of parameters array?
Help compiling ffmpeg with NVENC support under Linux
Recover specific files from deleted EXT4 partition
How make service reading from FIFO socket
X doesn't start automatically, startx works fine
Extend partition using LVM
I can't -o "remount,rw" a usb drive
Is it normal for `ldd --version` to exit 1?
What are the security implications of omitting the 'security.debian.org' sources from sources.list in Debian Jessie?
How do I know if a portable HDD is in use and will hot-plug hurt it?
Dovecot Virtual Mailboxes issue. Can't create virtual mailboxes
Replace character with alphabet depending on position in string
List commands in a shell's history in the order of their termination times?
konsole does not have --new-tab option
SSH twice and run command, escaping character?
Can I update firmware using a virtual machine?
Is that the Debian stretch/sid is an unstable version?
Load a different .bashrc while launching konsole or term from command line
apt-get rollback version not found
What does `minix/config.h` do?
How to gzip and copy files keeping its directory structure?
Find command with multiple conditions
How to add up certain columns using awk in unix script
move subshell output into an array in bash 3
nginx crit error tlsv1 bad certificate status response:SSL alert number 113
Using a secondary DNS when lookup fails in primary?
using lines of output as an array in bash
Is there a way to find out which webpages are being accessed by clients on a UNIX webserver?
Suddenly I have troubles plotting with python
Generating a Linux executable with Mono with mkbundle
Format of cookies when using wget?
install RPM packages using perl
log remote X session from ssh (PuTTY)
Is there any simple way to change one line in a lot of files?
Why am I still getting a password prompt with ssh with public key authentication?
Invoking cp from within BASH and using the -u option
Unabled to get rid of BIND 9 chroot
How can I expand a relative path at the command line, with tab completion?
configure dhcp client without accepting nameserver entries
Does a remote system accessed with SSH have a system clipboard?
End of lines problem in emacs when editing markdown texts via It's All Text
Locate enscript reported non-printable chars
Route incoming network requests for a given port to different applications
Run script when specific users logout
How to grep for a single quote?
Change screen resolution in Fedora 16
nmap isn't showing sshd?
Setting locale for user
Can't SSH into Any Server
How can I look up a username by id in linux?
List only temporary aliases in bash
Changing repository in openwrt
Printing the frequency of number of columns across rows in a text file
How do I change my default session?
Add lines at end of csv
Best/Good tool for monitoring a server, with web interface?
How can I remove error writing to /tmp/cc6sZ4kE.s: No space left on device?
How to read stdout from script run by system?
Determine SMB shares I have read and/or write access to
Which startup file is being used by my shell?
Is there a way to change partition which is used?
How do I start services that use session D-Bus?
Problems uninstalling gnome-builder
list all components of an ARM computer in Linux?
QxcbConnection Error!
NAS recovery via disk removal
Re-install Apache2 after Purge: apt-get says it's already the newest version
Why does rsync fail with Broken pipe (32), error in socket IO (code 10) at io.c(820)?
'obsoleting packages' in package manager output? [DNF]
Why is my PC freezing while I'm copying a file to a pendrive?
Debian: keep custom changes in initscript
dd can't see partition but cfdisk and GParted can
bash completion not working for one user
Using a variable in a regex
listen to a conversation using port forwarding
How to disable DNS caching or override TTL for a certain hostname?
processing command output line by line, without mixing standard input
How to trigger a system self destruct with a certain password is entered
How can I Allocate More Space to a Filesystem Mounted on /?
Does Bash or AWK have IN operator like R programming Language?
Cannot login to Linux with AD account and /bin/bash
Insert character at the beginning of specific lines
How to get current document directory path from zathura
Configure a DNS-server for a domain
creating a file with touch using a variable
systemd.service : use pty so force flush of stdout?
Linux Gallium OS
When child processes are executed
IF-ELSE - Y|N response does not work as required
Systemd service: Restart unit not found unless stopped first
Easy backup solution to protect against bit rot (or verify)
Turn list of colon-delimited values into key=value pairs
BASH/DASH: What is the best way to pass array to function?
how to add string if word ended with specific string
How to customize the color scheme in Uxrvt?
CentOS 7 on Macbook Pro halts after some time of inactivity
Allow only rdesktop client on Raspberry Pi
sudo fails with PERM_ROOT: setresuid(0, 0, 0): Operation not permitted
How do I change window title font in Debian 9 with Xfce?
Wait for keyboard input inside a while-read loop
Rename all files in a directory to add a leading zero - for filenames with varying 'stems'
Mounting an RAID under Debian
Escaping characters in command line search and replace
Share a VPN connection over WiFi
ls: reading directory '.': Input/output error
Should history expansion be quoted?
How to use command output (ls) into other command's input (sox)?
Physical Address of a variable in processes
PDF editor to highlight text on Lubuntu
The meaning of [ $? == 1 ] && return 0
Can the ability to overwrite a file with XML be exploited to execute code?
When do expansions in ANSI-C quoting and in locale-specific translation happen?
How to refer to Unsafe Browser in Tails OS using environment variable in .bashrc
How to share W10 wifi with Beaglebone black running Debian 9.5 through USB?
Bash: Use raw binary in variable as executable?
Why does double quoting an array expansion in here document not seem to work here?
Prepare arguments containing quoted string in variable
How to do a downgrade in debian after doing "apt-get dist-upgrade -t jessie-backports"
ldap_sasl_bind(SIMPLE): Can't contact LDAP server (-1) error when running openldap in a docker container under ubuntu server 16.04
Does `csh` have the Bash equivalent of `set -o nounset`?
Tail a file on Mainframe that needs conversion
Bash script to start tmux and issue commands
generate a csv file
mass decompress gzip files without gz extension
Kde titlebar icon customisation, to add resize icon
How to print PCL file output to PDF file instead of printer
How to take tarball of directories with circular symlinks?
Connect to Samsung Gear 360 as MTP device via command line?
Why doesn't ls -l show the time and or year for every file?
Output a range of columns from a file, where the range is set by two variables
Does the unix Curl command cache pages?
Logging an event for CD creation?
Get Entries in Parted
Iptables DNAT not working for some destination interface
SSH into many systems with passphrase-less RSA keys
Replace files with specific last modified date with files (or dates) from archive
connection refused on localhost
Docker on Amazon EC2
Formating iptables output and monitor in real time
How do I pgrep by the first command line argument?
boost_1_58_0 install fails on Enterprise Linux Server release 5.8
How to stop outbound ftp from being established. centos/ rhel
Why I can't unpack .tar.bz2 or .tar.xz files?
Using IPTables to Block Ports to Class A Subnets While Allowing Web Ports (80/443)
shellinabox on arch linux
Insert multi lines after match using Mac's sed command
route some traffic in subnet to other gateway
Slackware: print horrible banner
Joined pipelines
Properties of cat command
Trailing spaces when copying from console
Why won't MOTD display output from a Python script it calls outside of /etc/update-motd.d/ unless it's in this directory?
How to get the name of the nearest interactive ancestor shell from a script?
Possible fix?: ICEauthority Error With a Systemically limited File Permission Issue
Mouse Pointer Blinks and Sometimes Disappears
Which are (bash) shell special parameters?
How can I maintain open ssh connection and use it from shell scripts?
Is there any way to prevent a bad drive from disappearing from /dev?
Debian Kickstart Files Failing To Download
How to set system fonts as noto?
Using package.env for phase hooks
Why are the up and down arrows keys not always working on multiple platforms?
Cache atime writes
fsck and checking external drives on reboot also
Disabling wlan0 adapter
Default lxc networking suddenly stops to work
Gnome fails to start in Debian Wheezy
How to echo makefile variable through Make's $(shell ...)
Does loginuid have any impact on process limits?
`tail -n 40 /var/log/apache2/error.log` without `sudo`
Git config forwarding
/etc/network/interfaces automatically startup pppoe on wireless lan (wlan0) on boot and also make it persistent
shell script echo text name in for looping multiple texts
Ranger file manager - Open gnome-terminal instead of xterm
How do I delete the repeating word in vi editor?
Reformatting negative numbers with sed or awk
systemd-networkd fails to start when network booting via pxelinux
Can you scp, sftp, or rsync, a pipe?
Rsync with destination owner and permission possible?
lpadmin add a network printer
Debian - No wired connection after restart
Have tree hide gitignored files
View a range of bash history
nmap socket trouble
Shutdown problem on Lenovo G50 after installing Linux Mint 17.3
convert a jpg file after being uploaded using inotifywait
Appending to a file suffix range with echo and tee
USB disk doesn't work on the new kernel
Open Source OS alternative for Windows Server 2003
Curl command use
In makefile when do we use .o files?
unable to forward X11 applications
OpenLDAP: how can I list active schemes, classes etc?
Cygwin DenyHosts daemon-control file: no such file or directory error
Command to prevent suspend while another command executes?
How to set up server networking on Debian?
Omit the target dir from find results
Internet routing between wlan0 and ppp0?
Behavior of filesystem when mount option has been specified as error=panic
Can removed Debian packages have leftover files?
lshw lists my drive, but it has no /dev file
Error Installing "ia32-libs" to run ADB and Fastboot Linux Mint 16 "Petra"
How do I install a single package from Debian testing or unstable on stable?
Find all web servers in the repository
Where does bash store the time commands were executed?
How do I change login shell to nologin for an LDAP user RHEL 6?
UFW app based filtering
Changed owner of /etc folder, can't use sudo anymore
running iperf over ssh
What is creating ./var/lib in my yocto image?
Rsync to copy specific subfolders and files to new directory
Xfce Keyboard Layout change Ctrl+Space
How do you hide a tmux pane?
PBS equivalent of 'top' command: avoid running 'qstat' repeatedly
Are there distros with ptrace_scope set to zero by default?
Mount changes directory time to 1970
How to update tcpdump?
How to check a ksh script for syntax errors?
Difference between sudo -s and sudo su -
Konsole: disable right-click menu
Slow down mp3 audio
How to build space separated, escaped full paths of files recursively matching glob?
Create ssh root password
How to rename file using substring of the same file name
read only root filesystem
Why is my swap not being activated automatically via fstab?
How does SMART work for scsi device?
Linux mint 15, synaptic can't download all repository indexes
Aggregate and group text file in perl or bash
Faillog - unsuccessful login count in Motd
How much RAM needed for preventing use swap?
How would I change file permissions if the file name has a space in it in linux
How to change my script to replace and add new variable in a configuration?
Why doesn't my supervisor daemon start on reboot?
Nginx loadbalancing between PHP-FPM and Apache
Changing file permissions on an HFS+ filesystem
Weird authentication with Exchange server
Fetching Remote Windows System Information From Linux Server
How to ensure SSH port is only open to a specific IP address?
Tilling window manager written in Python
Cannot "resume" music
set up centos7, configuration of ip
Downloading files using wget
Best way to work through / display a tree of images sorted by size
Can there be multiple kernels executing at the same time?
Is it possible to support multiple processes without support for Virtual memory?
block specific user to send mail
Segmentation fault when trying to run glxgears via virtualGL
conky: proper column alignment
How is paging managed in the absence of swapping?
What's the difference between fork() and vfork()?
power management of USB-enclosed hard drives
What linux editor can open a 200G file for editing within a minute or two?
Count the number of words of particular length from a file
Install Ubuntu from a small USB stick
Having trouble reinstalling Grub from live CD
Compared to other filesystems why is ZFS so slow, with incoming data?
Why does `date` ignore TZ environment variable?
Windows partition gone after installing Kali Linux
Wifi not working! RTL8723DE wifi, CentOS 7.7
How to install Firefox from zip
What is the gold linker?
using linux shared library on AIX
How to burn debian iso to usb
Understanding network problem (syslog)
Debian - System (audio) Settings breaking when starting/stopping LXC
How to remove message when opening terminal/solve?
DNAT forwarding for FTP: No route to host
CentOS server to be used to internally issues
Using the cURL command, how does one fetch stock data which comes back *without* commas and spaces?
Experimenting with Xen on already running Debian without LVM
How to get SFTP on Ubuntu working again? Should I try to fix it or reinstall?
What does "wd" mean?
Make Less highlight search patterns instead of italicizing them
Change icon for an application form command line?
During bumblebee install, bumblebee and nvidia-libgl are in conflict. Should I remove nvidia-libgl?
how to install kdm on CentOS 7
Common user to modify files owned by 'other' users
My load is high. Top is strange. IOStats show low load
"Restart" a process in the same terminal?
bashscript to detect right arrow key being pressed
Can I use fio on a mounted device?
Is it possible to have a case within a case, like if within a if
XFS over iSCSI share with cluster; will fencing cause data corruption/loss?
/mnt directory is removed undesirable!
Cannot update new kernel for CentOS 7 although the server have space enough
Find newest version of file recovered by PhotoRec, or suggest other recovery program
Is there any way to check email sent success acknowledgement?
Why does CentOS notifies me "Login with home=/" althought home directory is created already?
vim edit a file with a user-vimrc but still load all previous initializations
/scripts/installimagemagick is now deprecated
How to enter the condition to check 0 or more than 0 in case
sed stdin behaviour
Build devel/boost-libs
Which packages should I install to make Fedora 21 connect to internet by Android Phone?
Is there a way to see which user is logged into the system and has switched with "su"?
error while loading shared libraries: libc.so.6: cannot open shared object file
Installing Ubuntu/Debian packages on Arch
How can I have a bridge that uses DHCP?
grep inside less?
Empty pages when printing PDF files in duplex
Maintain two tomcat installations with apt-get
How can I enter visual mode *after* (or: to the right of) the cursor
How to compress a single huge file (e.g. 200GB) file from command-line
Saturated blue image in MJPG streaming with a Raspberry Pi and a webcam
How do I speed up recovering "stuck" cifs mount?
rsync with cloudfuse
Unknown cause for redirect on 80 port
How to install thunderbird 31.4 on centos7
unable to read the output to run the next command
Connect Linux to two networks simultaneously
How to create reverse dynamic ssh port forwarding
What does "1K-blocks" column mean in the output of `df`?
Prevent scp from overwriting existing files?
How can I use ruby gem commands like bundler when ruby is installed by nix package manager?
How to use soundex search in file searching?
libvirt/debian: Restrict user/domain access
What are Display and Screen with regard to :0.0?
i3: action when workspace active for so long
test fails to find files with processed path
Why I cannot find (using which) usermod as a regular user in RHEL7
How to find and delete duplicate files within the same directory?
Arch: Is yaourt deprecated?
Multiple keyboard simulations for multiple programs using xdotool
Show line numbers of a file after "cut -d ";" -f3 |uniq -d"
Remote client client management
Using wget to finish a downloaing
I have error freebsd to login
zip excludes certain js files for no apparent reason
Electron-based applicatons giving blank screen on Manjaro
irq/51-iwlwifi appears in "top"
Packaging library distribution
pip install opencv-python gives error on Raspbian
How to add suffix to all files in local folder in linux mint?
Correct way to enable a custom target
Gnome-desktop's 'tracker' spams syslog at boot
A way to see your location history within the command line?
Comparing 2 files using awk , not getting any results - C shell
How does a program know if stdout is connected to a terminal or a pipe?
WiFi Card Not showing Manjaro
Why does xterm's command line behave like this after changing the prompt?
Hibernate Arch GNU/Linux (without modifying the bootloader)
sed / grep randomly fails to trim a string
Differentiate internal and external monitors
find exec does not work with command aliases?
Set GNOME 3 4k monitor scaling from the command line?
"Mode not supported" on my Samsung tv
Execute commands on an interactive command prompt based shell started from the main shell
New line characters in apache error log
Move each column to end of file bash
Buildroot: compile fbi against kernel headers
Intel i915 and xbacklight: No outputs have backlight property
how awk redirection to a file, based on field value works
Make a `ln -s` that checks for broken symbolic links
What is the debian equivelent to ubuntu-restricted-extras?
df disagrees with cfdisk and VirtualBox about partition size
Make process not exit, when exiting from SSH terminal
Using Apache's ssl certificates when it is accessed via Nginx reverse proxy
HP x2 Notebook w/ detachable tablet that keeps waking from suspend
What is the difference between /usr/include/ and /usr/include/x86_64-linux-gnu/bits/?
Ubuntu 18.04 unable to wake from suspend
Mounting squashfs with correct permissions
./configure checking whether vs checking if
How to print from second row after match?
Fix Nvidia Breaking Xvfb?
Ubuntu 18.10 boots into initramfs busy shell
Remap keys on GNOME3.8 using xmodmap?
Console Terminus Font Size in Slackware?
Open .desktop files in text editor by default
Cut and transpose some lines of a file
Gparted claims my internal drive is full
mount does not print mounted partitions
Trying to make my default selection for USB c920 webcam work in Gstreamer, but still opens laptop internal cam
How to configure Exim to forward all incoming mail to new server?
Bash script calls expect script with master SSH connection
Use encrypted /home in fresh Debian created in Mint
Big file overwriten with a 0B file
Is the FreeBSD login program compatible with AFS?
Where does `logger` log its messages to in Arch Linux?
Shell filename pattern that expands to dot files but not to `..`?
wifi failed to start with Arch Linux on laptop
How Do You Pass VGA/VESA Modes with GRUB2?
Having issues installing Kali Linux in Virtualbox
Is it possible to insert image in gedit in Linux?
Movie Player requires additional plugins to decode this file
raid1: how to synchronize harddisks (Debian 6)
Weird memory spikes in Debian VPS
Mail Server Setup, MX Records, and Hostnames?
Why does mount have the SUID bit set?
Shutdown log Linux UserName
Minimize the current width of a window in Vim
Split line into key-value pairs based on first string
Find common rows on two gzipped files
root cannot connect to symlinked socket of other user
Wheezy to Jessie upgrade / (root partition) minimal requirements in MB?
is there a tool/daemon that automatically fills /etc/ethers in the background to have a proper wake on lan hostname:mac database when needed?
Using Device mapper thin provisioning on loop devices
mass renaming of files not working
How can I determine last access of a symbolic link without updating it?
Ubuntu ethernet connection works for few seconds then drops (with Win 7 dual boot)
Execute custom command in Geany
ftp user can write anywhere in home directory but not a bind home directory
Script to Organize Desktop into Folders/Directories by Extension
Linux / FVWM / Acroread -- don't autoraise
How would I create this function to choose a random variable from an array?
Parenthesis on echo shell command
Files with no attributes, owner, group and inodes
How to make the prompt beep with every key press/character printed?
Installing Qubes 3.1 : boot process freezes after Qubes logo blinks
For loop separate $i's
No menu for VNC view
How to mount an external encrypted drive?
Password Policy on Openldap doesn't support all attributes
Unable to kill a process in shell script
How to set up a pre-defined variable with multiple directory paths to use with the find command
How to enable touchpad scrolling and tapping in Debian Wheezy KDE?
Allow file manipulation but block folder/subfolder manipulation?
Disable italics in emacs org-mode, Ubuntu
How to Lookup the values of an index values from a big data file?
Booting Fedora in rescue mode
Automatic login still doesn't work after editing custom.conf
Add ssh user with minimum rights for backup
Disable ForwardX11Timeout without ForwardX11Trusted in OpenSSH Client?
Re-set $TMUX after unsetting
How to deny access to specific port when destination is NOT a specific host?
Windows 7 guest fails to boot on Fedora 20 host
What is the meaning of "1-" in the output of ps?
can I get the shell to decide ls or less depending on filetype?
how to swap ctrl and capslock using xmodmap?
API with no system calls
Issues with libGL on Fedora 20 - unable to load driver swrast?
Torrent with GUI for Gnome on CentOS 6?
Howto install gcc on NetBSD 6.1.2?
linux on arm bios-less netbook running android
How can I find and/or print sudo's lecture file?
Set scroll speed and have a show desktop keyboard command on Mint 16
Customize wingpanel under Elementary OS
Change the size of a specific context menu entry?
Reboot the PC from USB drive when plugged in
GRE supported in kernel but iproute2 cant create GRE tunnel
wi-fi working on and off, mostly off on a HP laptop
Boot process hangs, can start with "single" + startx
How to recover data lost during aborted local drag and drop?
check internet speed from terminal?
Redirect home to shared NTFS partition
How do I get Parallels Plesk to only respond to a specific host, not ANY host?
ssh local tunnel to VM
How can I use "emulate sh" in zsh to work with ". myscript.sh"?
How do I generate the sequence "\e[Z" in a terminal?
Manage another Linux installation on another partition in the same computer
Grep perl syntax and copyright character
Where do uncaught local emails go?
How do I get my mouse back from QEMU/KVM?
Running cron jobs under php ver. 5.4
Mailing out a customised content based on specific search in a logfile
Kali Linux + WIndows 8 - Cleared my master boot record, can't access Win 8
User with nearly all admin permissions but not allowed stop a single app or to delete its relevant files
Ubuntu could not open lock file /var/lib/dpkg/lock - open (13: Permission denied)
How I can create accounts with command lines for my OpenLDAP server?
Emacs launched from command line and standalone Emacs have different syntax highlighting when using the same theme (solarized)
How can I use my Canon Pixma network scanner?
What does the "ep" capability mean?
How download release using Fedora COPR from github.com?
Why I can use only private key to login a server using ssh?
Can't get SSH daemon running on macOS
What is the difference between `a[bc]d` (brackets) and `a{b,c}d` (braces)?
Scripting: Skipping n files
Does enabling one of the `Accounting=` options in a systemd unit, cause it to be enabled for *all* units?
df command not showing free disk space
Logged out when switching tty
SSH: Permission denied as given IdentityFile is not used
How to sum variables from file in Bash
Plotting all files from a directory in gnuplot
User not listed in /etc/passwd
Why does a single Yubico show as multiple devices, what's the difference between hid-generic and input?
You are missing the following 32-bit libraries, and Steam may not run: libc.so.6 [SLACKWARE] ERROR
Tmux: how to specify session in new-window
when did apt or apttitude or apt-get start supporting of last two releases for migration purposes
Controlling my keyboard's RGB LEDs under Linux
Hibernation mode elementary os juno 5.0
Does the wc command strip the trailing line feed from txt files?
"A stop job is running" for a long time when shutting down Kali Linux
Can I control the ThinkLight through /proc/?
Work out a cron job schedule
How to remove orphan launcher in Whisker Menu?
How to check "eval" command?
How do I clone a 2 TB HDD onto a 120 GB HDD (shrink partition using gparted)
What is the meaning of "<-" operator in bash?
Thermald throttle unsupported CPU after certain temperature using coretemp
Can not edit file symlinked (Permission denied)
Deepin Linux installed, ugly and unresponsive GRUB menu
How is the MTR scale calculated?
Can you edit address values in "/proc/$pid/mem" to reflect changes in that process?
Swappiness set at 100, but is empty nonetheless
Netcat: UDP connections don't terminate?
How GRUB determines the Linux root partition that it pass to the kernel with "root="?
How to change SELinux configuration persistently?
Working with an Intel and Nvidia graphics card on linux mint
Configuring gateway for two interfaces
How to avoid "bash: q: command not found" every time I 'su'?
name collision in input Nix expressions with nix-env -f
Is systemd-journald a syslog implementation?
How can I persistently boot into linux-grsec?
Sorting the VARCHAR field in numeric(with padding zeros)
SSH with Cron: RSA key not accepted
How to open a changing file with wireshark?
How can any user invoke "yum info jdk" and have it work?
How can I wrap a complex command with a shell script?
How do commands like ls or stat distinguish the file type?
Cannot execute script after installing SELinux
Using shell script argument?
Combine the columns in file 1 to the columns in file 2 - should be simple - but something strange is happening
Incorrect used memory result by snmp hrSWRunPerfMem
Linux alternative to Azure Compute?
How do I wrap the zsh completion list with a fixed line of text before and after?
How to timeout by hours in Bash (and keep timing out even if the session was closed)?
How do I get screen not to mangle some UTF-8 sequences?
Restart Apache in a version agnostic way
Fedora 29 VirtualBox Installation Malfunction
Fedora rpm vs Redhat rpm?
How would I interpret this grep command which includes $path?
Specifying the file extension produced by zsh process substitution
Different ways to execute a binary?
Arch Linux Systemd wont detect hibernate events
How can I get bluetooth speakers to work with pulseaudio in NixOS?
Regex, delete all characters after the last occurrence of "/"
When we create a new a process, where in the linux kernel is its priority assigned?
Boot/systemd problem in Ubuntu
Rename multiple files in sub directories to their directory names
expect script to get its directory ?
How to get started with LFS system
readline keybindings in chrome/chromium
Monitoring raid status
GNU Parallel doesn't run the jobs until the program has exited
Write a script that accepts
Combining if/else with variables in find command in bash script
Cant' install xrdp on CentOS 7.5
Output of SQL query as variable PHP
How to login with both password and fingerprint?
How to use fingerprint to decrypt a folder encrypted with ecryptfs?
generate routed traffic for testing purposes
How to enable the clock after removing it from the taskbar in XFCE?
Installing rpm packages and resolving dependencies on an embedded device
Match all patterns from file at once
dd crashing - what to do about it
Skip catching errors in a shell script
Output to multiple files with Makefile
Using File manager with Second Hard Drive
Broken dependency for lvm2
Samba Service Printer Does Not Execute
Touchscreen calibration off for SDL applications?
How to update steam from command line?
What's the difference between the initramfs and the actual main filesystem?
Bash, fork with CLOEXEC
I need to find all users home directories listed using grep from /etc/passwd
Difference between sudo user and root user
Create zip archive based on number of files
How to search a text file for a specific integer
less combined with sed color sequences prevents page breaks
How to remove /etc/udev/rules.d/70-persistent-net.rules CentOS
How do I disable hardware detection during PXE boot?
Can't wget from github, sslv3 handshake error
How can I see i/o stats for a briefly running process?
How can I pipe stdout to another program?
Vocabulary trainer for Unix
Ubuntu Trusty Preseed Error
How to set an expired authentication in Apache?
how to verify if root password changed correctly
USB set to /dev/sda instead of /dev/sdb
Replace multiple spaces with one using 'tr' only
Cronjob to run script every 3 weeks on Wednesday
Run root script or command as root in startup application in linux mint
Virtual Host only works when SELinux is set to permissive - why?
How do I use sudo to run multiple commands as another user within a portion of a script?
Stop init.d from running, and go to terminal prompt
Plasmoid - connect KDE signal with QML UI
Trying to SSH to local VM Ubuntu with Putty
rpm macros on CentOS 6.5
What package has GNU sed for Solaris?
Enable BFQ in Fedora
Why does Android crash when stressed on Memory where as GNU-Linux keeps running?
What should be the buffer size for the sort command?
Adding a label to start-stop-daemon service in process list
Forward local port to remote port in a Vagrant machine
"bash: [: : integer expression expected"
Building a Security System using Raspberry Pi
Bought Wireless Adapter, Can't Use It
CANON printer setup with no driver openSUSE
Multiple instances of Postfix throwing error fatal: unknown service: smtp/tcp
Unable to explore sub-directory in Samba share with Linux ACLs
Make file readable for system but not users
Where was command executed
Iptables not working as I expect: response package not DNATed as expected with DNAT in PREROUTING
socat wait for answer
Limit SSH access to specific clients by IP address
Find files with similar names, delete the oldest, rename the most recent
Only use /etc/hosts for resolving hostnames on Linux
Use sshpass to scp files from two remote hosts
What is /run/mount/utab?
Failed to get D-Bus connection: Operation not permitted
How to connect to ftp server trough VPN
Analogue of `top -b` for `ps`
find commands seem not to work with file name range
how can i change the character case (lower to upper and vice versa)? at the same time
How to display trailing whitespaces in the text file?
Run a very slow script til it succeeds
Disable auto-maximation of windows in Gnome3
Stop a service if another service is also down
Is there a syslog daemon that implements RFC 5848 "Signed Syslog Messages"?
How to get NFS user list and kill connection
Linux keep forking "kworker"
Is it possible to easily switch between tabs and spaces in nano?
Make `column` use a single space as column separators in output
Build the same source package for different Debian based distros
Zorin OS 9-Booting from liveUSB error
Firefox temporary files
How to ls without recursive
Is vim multithreaded?
exim + courier + squirrelmail mail delivery in wrong directories
using script function rather than keyboard input
Using network manager and wicd together in Ubuntu?
How to print matching value of patterned field separator in AWK
Big trouble : rpm empty db, install V3 RSA/SHA1 Signature, key BAD, YumRepo Error
Why does 'find -exec cmd {} +' need to end in '{} +'?
Recovering from bad superblock on external drive
Script to Process txt file to CSV
FreeBSD 9.3 date shows UTC when rc.conf and PostgreSQL show "America/Los_Angeles"
"failed to attach 'veth87VSIJ' to the bridge 'virbr0': No such device"
Compatibility scripting: Save $? for use later
Persistent Virtualbox guest VM hardware configuration
Having trouble using pantheon-greeter-bzr and pantheon-session-bzr on virtualbox with ArchLinux
How to redirect logs to syslog for an application which doesn't support syslog yet?
How could I include a variable in a here document?
Route VPN Connections through VPN
How do I make OpenVPN split /56 IPv6 block into /64 subnets for each client?
Split by delimiter and concatenate string problem
export env variables programmatically, via stdout of command
Bulk rename (append) CSV files based on a value within
I modified my inittab file and I think I bricked my embedded linux card
Run single command as other user; restrictions on sudo
GRUB configuration to recognize different desktop environments (installations) of same Linux distro
Connected, but no internet when resuming -- works after reboot
How do I stop Bash from interpreting octal code instead of integer?
How can add "double line spacing" to any output?
How to get the DPI of an image file (PNG)
Fedora 27 - unable to boot, grub error?
A script that print's lines of a file with their length
CentOS 7 missing SU activity files
How to download a file in terminal which link redirects and seems to work in GUI only?
Subtracting same column between two rows in awk
Allow/Block ports in Centos Servers
How to get D-link DWA-131 Wireless-N Nano USB Adapter work on CentOS 7?
Failed to mount encrypted swap on LVM volume
Unable to kill sar process
command OR script to detect vpn connection status
Shell script how to read input from a file
Is it possible to redirect X of an ssh session to the display of a connected vncviewer
How to reorder a large number of columns?
How to telnet via proxy authentication?
file, awk and iconv to automatically adapt tex-file encoding
Move huge number of files into date structured directory order
"mount -t TYPE /" - how to know that what could the "TYPE" be?
Streaming to an Apple TV (3) from Linux
Envirnment variables for packages built in custom location
Where are "headers" for other languages kept?
exclude commands from user's sudo permissions
What mean the number after S or K in /etc/rc{0-6}.d
UNIX AIX using Array to store name and path then get them using for loop separately
How to add a shared library in configure?
Compare 2 comma separated files and output the difference
airmon-ng did not find any wireless interfaces
Understand the day in a life of an Apache log message in modern Linux system
Using openldap authentication only for some users
I broke apt-get and dpkg when trying to crossgrade my Debian architecture
streamer not recording audio
blueman config file location
Is there a order to see the type of file in Mac?
Accessing back and forth screens through bash script
Blockinfile not working in ansible
Is it possible to increase partition size in this scenario?
GRUB not detecting my windows partiton
Arch Linux sudo not working in Graphic mode
What is ?= in bash?
Finding the different possible combinations
How to completely remove unused kernel packages in Linux Mint?
Same static route configuration on two different interface (Centos7)
DNS is timing out for some domains
Press any key to stop a loop
remove s from permission
Making swapfile for t1.micro Amazon EC2 instance with Amazon Linux
run a script in multiple folders in parallel
Start Zathura full-screen / remember window size
How to copy the files from remote unix server to local windows?
Why is there a "/dev/fd/63" in the output of "echo 123 >(cat)"?
Prefill the previous user name in KDE's login screen
XDMCP "maximum number of open sessions from your host reached" but no session is active
How to choose a response for interactive prompt during installation from a shell script
Who builds the Debian packages?
dpkg error /var/lib/dpkg/status
can logrotate skip postrotate script if no log rotation took place?
What is the similar command of Ubuntu's sudo apt-get update in Fedora?
Prefer sudo over su by using a separate user with full sudo "privileges"?
Could not install a package. Is there a way to auto install dependencies?
CIFS randomly losing connection to Windows share
Get the device name of connected USB disk
Giving read permissions to device file of disk
How to download file from CentOS server on terminal through ssh server
MySQL gets killed by OS every 25 days or so
How can I do NFSv4 UID mapping across systems with UID mismatches?
Find out network traffic per IP
Is it a good idea to supplement shell script with perl purely for use of regex?
How can I fake sending -time when sending email with Mutt?
How to install patterns and packages at the same time?
When would I use FBDEV vs DRM vs DSS?
Installing pfSense firewall on an SSD
Why isn't Red Hat Enterprise Linux Desktop free?
Why is number of open files limited in Linux?
How to configure network profiles in Centos?
Backup from remote server
Complete only at the beginning of the word
How to set additional hosts in default.addnhosts
How to enable 'open with' in combination with Word 2007 in a desktop file?
What happened to the "-4" option for command line FTP?
How can I restrict my computer's ability to connect to other ip's
Scheduling hadoop job once in a week for past two years
ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'ntp.ntpc'
Remove duplicates from a file on specified match
bash array of arrays
CentOS remove vulnerable packages
Is it possible to have 2 ports open on SSH with 2 different authentication schemes?
set up hotspot with very specific ip range in mncli
How to create .pem file - full process
how do I loop through selected file extensions in ZSH?
LUKS: Wrong Password or Corrupt Headers?
uboot-menuconfig not available in make targets
How can I brighten up blue directories in ls --color?
Converting directory txt files into useful consolidated csv file with appropriate column names
Start command remotely and then close connection
Using an array of strings with spaces in bash - error messages "curl: could not resolve host"
Deepin linux multiple monitors workspaces behaviour
Debian: unable to install lsb package
How to repeatedly un tar files that are within the tar itself
Boot problems with empty fstab in initramfs
Incoming/Outgoing seperation for VPN (hacker protection only)
btrfs raid1: How to check it is function normally?
echo -e "word\b" not working as expected
How to download a folder from Onedrive business using wget?
sudo apt-get update errors: how do I clean up my MariaDB installation?
Linux ioctl VT_GETSTATE fails if process is run manually
Snapshottable encrypted folder
Is it possible to unmount a partition table?
type string as if it were a keyboard
How to make Debian 10 boot faster
Grub and bootloading has strange delay
How to correctly create and stop kthreads?
Exim ignores local_sender_retain
Why does grep need double backslash?
How do I mount an SD card?
Wget - Download pics with particular url string
Why I am getting this dependency error?
How do you repackage a deb package for an older OS?
wget and preventing files from downloading on a recursive wget
kvm console not working at login [centos on centos]
Automating PPP connection: adding the insertion in routing table of the new interface
How do I come by this pty and what can I do with it?
Super-slow LAN speed, unless downloading through Chrome's FTP client
Can I view my Microsoft Exchange Online Archive via Davmail in Thunderbird
Increase SSH ConnectTimeout greater than 60 seconds
Keeping track of service status continuously
Mounting docker volumes to conatiners
Compare one to one lines in 2 different files using shell scripting
Shell script issue when added to cron
.htpasswd permission problem
Replace both disks in a raid 1 mirror
Stop Kodi from starting its Pulseaudio instance
Error openSSL appears to lack for elliptic curve cryptography? What's that mean and how to resolve it?
`nl` invocation soaking all input before numbering
Can lightdm/gnome/compiz use bash instead of sh?
suspend doesn't work after upgrading to Debian 7.8
How do I print hyphens if a variable is empty?
Can I print to a remote cupsd without installing cupsd on the client?
Meaning of an ampersand prefix in a device tree
NIS and /etc/passwd
Running Linux in text mode - blank diamonds instead of Chinese/Punjabi etc. characters
gparted moving unallocated to 1st partition
How to copy a folder by another, but NOT by merging/adding
How does autoconfig/autodiscover work?
How to reuse Physical memory in the absence of swapping?
Why should a child of a vfork or fork call _exit() instead of exit()?
Command-line completion from command history
Under Ubuntu, how do I set a static IP for firewire?
Intercept "command not found" error in zsh
USB Ubuntu with whole-disk encryption
Adding efficient storage to a laptop-based system
Need a programmers advice on *X display manager, window manager and composit manager combination
Which systems have 'pager' shortcut/alias?
How to avoid powering down certain USB devices when a machine is suspended
What program can I use to get copier/fax functionality from separate scanner and printer?
How can I concatenate a shell variable to other other parameters in my command lines ?
How to stop Mod4-P from switching the display?
Removing abstraction from Ubuntu boot process
How to assign correct permissions to both webserver and svn?
Extlinux boot error
Collect files using find
Lowercasing all directories under a directory
How do I get sar to show for the previous day?
svn and webserver files ownerships
What is the concept behind "tty" in linux?
How to change the install path of my Linux Source tree?
How to stop avahi-daemon
How to add an iso image to grub2?
Network connection drops after a few seconds
simultaneously share /dev/videoX with multiple applications?
Attach terminal to X desktop running in VM
Does anyone know how to configure a Wacom Bamboo tablet to work left-handled?
How to organise SSH keys?
Fish-like argument completion search in ZSH
netstat show port number instead of process name
How to use non greedy regex in grep?
File containing directory structure
fsck fails frequently(after each 3-4 boots)
How to print <x> lines before and <y> lines after <z>th line
RTL8723BE: Wifi always disocnecting and can't connect again and must be restarted to connect
get ip of user executed program
Can't get rid of old bluetooth network connection in NetworkManager
Open/LibreElec won't boot from hd
How to Install and run python and database over busybox
How to test apt-mirror with a small portion of packages?
cannot find correct iwlwifi-8265 version
I want to parse a Terraform vars file and store variables from the TF vars file as vars in a Makefile
Can't install guest additions to virtualbox - An unauthorized request
Debian 9 installation on HP laptop fails
Need to rebuild xmobar every time I restart
Is it possible to configure a .deb package, so it only installs on 32-bit operating systems, and not on 64-bit operating systems?
Use pam_unix if pam_userdb failed
Sudo command gets executed as root instead of specified user
What's the policy determining which CPU handles which interrupt in the Linux Kernel?
ubifs error 9 (not enough good pebs)
Suggestions for SSH Client in Linux Mint
How do we write script to kill PID ( If else loop )?
Is there a command named 'run_scripts' in open SUSE for the init daemon?
Why is my gpio access from user space slower?
How to get type=USER_TTY record in audit.log?
Can not access ssh fowarding port
How to read content of bayes_seen & bayes_toks
State of LVM raid compared to mdadm
TMUX key binding dependant on position in copy mode
How to mount cifs with kerberos for a generic user?
Error while creating network name space : mount --bind /var/run/netns /var/run/netns failed: Invalid argument
Grep -A1 format output
Store photo thumbnails on same drive
Printing a string when grep does not get a match
Debian apt-get forces https tho there are no SSL sources
How to create a script to send e-mail by telnet?
Run logrotate as specific user
How to run `clear_console` in Bash when TMOUT happens?
AWK: where is my error?
Coloring the output of conky-cli in dwm
Universal extractors
Debian: Screen stays black occasionally during boot with Asus P8Z68-V Pro/Gen3
Where does Samba 4 store user passwords?
How do I prevent wget from loading Apache directory listings in different orders?
Modifying zsh globbing patterns to use with cp
udev rule for usb attach/detach not triggering
Do kernel counters for jiffies in state exist in Linux?
Novice Ubuntu 12.04 user needs help!
How to display result of df every 30s?
How can I disable or limit disk cache memory usage globally?
Combining multiple process substitution
How to use ' in alias?
List of killed processes HP-UX
.bashrc alias not working
How can I forcibly remove a package from Ubuntu by hand?
How to map terminal shortcut from CTRL-M to another combination
Where can I check what was updated on the last update?
SSH ignores characters after correct password string?
IBM V7000 scripts for monitoring
how to make a non-privileged script drop even the privileges it has on a file
BTRFS has become unmanageable
Get absolute path of file OS X
What is an appropriate UID and GID for a Debian package file owner?
Making XRANDR settings permanent
How do I mount my problematic (btrfs?) disc?
Vim Syntax Highlight for Configuration Files
Is it possible to run app with different than currently selected theme?
Is sudo useful to protect my data from malwares?
How to run msfconsole within any directory?
What is PKG_PATH for linux?
What additional privileges does the root user have over a standard user?
Can I put ranges to parameters?
Log source IPs of all incoming packets
How to delete, without rm/unlink
tcpdump : lost packets
How to exclude the files with all the 4-digit numbers without the first five numbers by wild card in tree command
Does it make sense to put btrfs on lvm?
How to give all computers connected to a network switch internet?
Use a shell variable with Awk
Make python 2.7 the default python in centos, making an alias didn't work
Touchpad too sensitive on LXDE
Is this good in order to have an empty directory?
udev creates the right rules, but rights disappear as soon as I try to access files via C++
Outsource mount of HDD
Set up a pipe to a program as virtual Alsa speaker
Printing two pages per sheet from the command line
strange vi behavior on OSX Debian ssh terminal
How to disable menu under ALT+1 binding in Linux-Mint
How is /etc/fstab accessed before root is mounted?
Use iptable do redirect all the HTTP traffic to localhost
Renaming folders based on a dictionary in form of a CSV file?
Is it possible to mount one H.D.D. via USB Hub on two PCs?
Fullscreen Flash videos on some sites do not align with the screen in Awesome WM
How should I populate my new program to Debian repository?
Best distro for using Google Docs on old computer
dot instead of comma as thousand separator
Why are there 2048 sectors of free space between each logical partition?
Using export in .bashrc
Can't connect to vsftpd, not even from localhost
How to purge dbus configuration?
How to output to screen overriding redirection
Increasing conky height
Is it possible to execute the result of wget as a command?
Listing users and usergroups in Raspbian
Is it possible to execute a script as first at shutdown/reboot on Debian?
fsck died with status code 4
How to debug the network issue in case of blocked database connections
How do I enable rsync in libcurl?
How you stop 'wget' after it gets a 404?
openvpn bridge tap to ethernet
Binding prefix key in tmux twice really needed?
How to show lines without any modification
E: Unable to locate package mingw32, Linux Mint
Intel-microcode incompatible with i3-2348M processor (Linux Mint 18)
Why does "echo a b c d e | echo" display no result?
Find all lines that follow a pattern and begin with a character
OpenWRT: Reset iptables to default settings
How to adjust NVIDIA GPU fan speed on a headless node?
Raspberry Pi RT Preempt Linux Kernel Build Error
FreeBSD cannot use WiFi with BCM4360 on MacBook Air
Meaning of < in file path in dovecot configuration file?
How to get the full executable name of a running process in Linux
Hard disk usage 100 % without any read or write activity
Almost no commands working - relocation error: symbol __getrlimit, version GLIBC_PRIVATE not defined in libc.so.6
Installing haskell-platform without pulling in an X server
What is the order that Linux's dynamic linker searches paths in?
When do you need "...|while read..."?
Remove date and time recursively from filenames
Installing pari-gp without pulling the X server packages
Rearranging/ Resizing Linux partitions
samba file sharing gives 0x80070043 in windows
Job environment not being setup correctly on SGE
Grub boot only from a specific pc. after debian usb LUKS install
How to programmatically set keyboard shortcut on Mac?
Account's password won't let me sudo
What is the purpose of testing $DISPLAY with [ -z $DISPLAY ]?
Redirect of stdout ignores lines without newline
Convert identical files to hardlinks
Setting Permissions on a new kali user
fedora 25 webmin install
Adding #!something doesnt look at PATH
execute windows program with parameters from cygwin
Output file content with grep along with directory name
Is it possible to build a loop of commands with pipe or something else?
Extract a substring with sed that stops at the first occurrence of the end
xfce4-terminal annoying bottom and right border
Using a here-doc with trailing backslashes inside a process substitution in bash
delete folders with the same name as the parent folders recursively in bash?
Is there a command to display colors when giving hex value in terminal?
Recommendations for a well supported graphics card (frame buffer) for Linux servers
Mount 'hibernated' windows partition, ciphered with bitlocker
Using ACL Permissions without allowing other groups to access a directory?
Change hostname on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 11 SP3 for VMware
Strace - Filedescriptor 3
How do I remap newline and carriage return regardless of the terminal used to connect?
Use symlink to move directory created by .deb package - will anything break?
How and when is keyboard data encoded from keyboard to application?
Is /proc strictly reserved for kernel/driver space?
External port forwarding stop working when VPN is activated
Can I execute a script before every login
What happens to my files if I scp-ed to non existing directory
How to read result from the first step of parallel?
Install Lisp Interpreter in Debian Jessie
X11Fowarding not working on Arch Linux ARM
how to make aspell ignore upper case words (acronyms)?
Bash - Sequence of numbers in the same line
Why is Android studio complaining about OpenJDK?
How to get the name of USB driver in use in linux
Running Skype through Wine
RME Multiface (HDSP) sound on Debian/Jessie (Systemd / PulseAudio)
Ubuntu 18.04 is taking too long to boot
Search for all files containing only a string of a certain length
Grep latest file for string and alert / email if found
md5 sum (fdupes) vs sha256sum - why different results - ubuntu server
Run gvim in terminal
Open new tmux window with specific name only if missing
How do I mapping Ctrl+Middle to Right-Click in X?
From where ls gets inode info in a deleted directory
Some windows in Window Maker don't have a title-bar
pssh with sed and special characters
bash script: send command within command
Why don't here strings in Makefiles using Bash work?
Putting line from a file into file name
Cannot execute dotnet app as daemon service
How to print the second last line of a file using awk
iptables time rule does not work in reverse time
What does the command "sudo mv home/* *" do?
i want while loop for date 2018-03-28 to 2018-04-02 in unix
Disable KDE pop-up when switching keyboard layouts
How to change script dir inside a function?
Fixing a .csv file where some rows have missing columns
VirtualBox Host-only adapter not working Debian Host
compiling i3 under cygwin - cannot find libiconv library
Why does this curl command from firefox not download anything?
USB-C to DisplayPort Adaper still not recognised in Linux kernel 4.19
Dropbox-like solution for two power users with dynamic IPs that doesn't use the cloud?
How can I direct the output of awk to multiple individual files in a specified directory
Delete rows where 5 or more columns have values less than 3
Epson drivers in deb
do "search domain" in networkd configuration and LLMNR conflict?
Ubuntu 16.04.1 randomly crashes ever since GNOME was installed
Why are there multiple copies of header files in /usr/include?
Connection refused to local ffserver
Will tracker-store eventually stop stealing cpu?
How can I view current file only instead of all marked files in ranger?
i3-msg doesn't move workspaces between multiple monitors consistently
unknown network interface called "enx9cebe80718e1"
Extract the number of pages of PDFs recursively and dump them to a CSV
How to update PHP5 to latest stable PHP5 version?
How to use "Alt Gr" in xbindkeys?
How does AppArmor match profiles to processes?
Gnu/Linux: Listing files, with certain characters in the file-name, while in a different directory
gdm not showing no more
sed/awk file data manipulation
C-Shell : variable in variable
Connect to a device's SSH on a network that has no inbound traffic enabled and no static IP address
Shell: is it possible to delay a command without using `sleep`?
wpa_supplicant not connecting anymore to eduroam
Upgrading Python3 Without Breaking Access to lib Folder
Why ls | wc outputs 3 lines in dir with 3 one-line files?
recover from snapshot
What's causing dbus-daemon to take up over 3GB of RAM?
VirtualHost with mod rewrite pointing at tomcat application
How to express all files/directories at the extra -exec option of `find` command?
which config file is openssh sshd using?
Create symlink tree in existing directories
How much can a bash script interact with a running web browser?
Is 'echo "Defaults insults" >> /etc/sudoers' safe?
Use a variable as part of name of an array name?
ubuntu Kernel panic while installing CentOS 7 in VirtualBox
Run Ubuntu Security Updates every Saturday only
Install FreeRADIUS - talloc library not found
FC20 - Remote Desktop to QEMU Host
How do I run systemctl command on root mount
Where to Calibration data
status check for sleep command
What happens when you press an extra key on a keyboard?
I installed and run gcc but dpkg says : package gcc is not installed, why?
Remove directory part from current directory in zsh
Scripting a routine SCP from a shared access server at my work to my personal server. What's the best way?
I seem to be "losing" this prompt. What is happening?
How can I tell if lack of memory is causing these crashes?
Avahi daemon can't launch due to dbus-daemon problems
How can I have my .bashrc only invoke TMUX if it exists on my system?
How to speed up migration from Raid 5 to Raid 6 with mdadm?
Loginuid, should be allowed to change or not (mutable or not)?
reset for loop counter
Copy a folder and its content to all Nginx vhosts host
How do I stop a bash shell PS1 color to stop at the end of the command?
TPM passwordless boot
What Causes Maintenance Shell Segmentation Fault?
How to remove dot and space from beginning of filenames
Different list of installed packages reported by rpm compared to yum
Random named file in home directory, possibly hacked?
How to lock one mouse/keyboard pair to each screen?
Connect to byobu screen session and execute command?
Permissions issues with mounting remote server into a specific folder
How can I search for a file with fixed name length using ls?
How to find out how much memory a program taking
Formatting external drive in CentOS previously used on OS X
What's the progress regarding improving system performance/responsiveness during high disk I/O?
How to get infrared image data with sane on an epson v700 scanner?
How to have the Bookmarks toolbar show up on Firefox 4?
scp, globbing, and different shells
Shell script error message
Add a one-off scheduled task through a shell script?
DNS Troubleshoot.  Campus domain does not resolve when using campus network
Is there a way to move by screen lines in vim?
Light-weight alternative to Apache
How to make VLC play an iso file directly?
retrieving names of all open pdf files (in evince or otherwise)
How do I clear Bash's cache of paths to executables?
System.map file update
Who wrote the "Linux kernel" (Linus Torvalds and his team)?
How to understand Hot plugin mechanism for a USB in an Android stack?
How to debug an inserted kernel module?
How to speed my too-slow ssh login?
What happens when a USB drive is plugged in?
How to uninstall GRUB
installing ffmpeg-php on centos
Chakra project or netinstall -- Arch Linux installation
Is there a limit of hardlinks for one file?
Why does high disk I/O reduce system responsiveness/performance?
Suspending my laptop breaks ethernet over firewire, are there commands which can fix it?
Video editor w/ stabilization?
Tar up all PDFs in a directory, retaining directory structure
What if 'kill -9' does not work?
No output produced when using winFF
alias with sudo not working
Run a specific application in bg on start and being able to stop it
Is there a corresponding mechanism to secure apt for FreeBSD?
Querying database within a while loop
How to run program from bash shell without it running in the process of shell
how to select files in a directory with the boolean operator AND
Trying read a Sata USB 3.0 Kali linux light
Regex not matching file using `find` despite being valid
How to open All the media files(with in sub folders) in the folder with vlc in linux?
Install AMD drivers on Kali 2.0
How to safely discharge UPS using workstation (prevent filesystem damage)
How to prepend numerical order on filenames by Zsh/AWK/...?
Same File Browser with option open four or more different folders
Change LAN MAC on DD-WRT router for swap
while read line in shell script - how to stop the loop?
Making the Mod+4 Key Behave
how to find the start location of a changing substring in a longer string
fstab does not mount automatically a NFS remote folder
Quagga stopped working after updates in Stretch
Motion stops streaming on movement (and no logs produced)
Fedora 25 upgrade: doesn't install key for package updates, what's going on?
How would a diagram for (ls) look like?
How to change/fix the v command in less using a shell profile?
Sensors : How to display the temperature in Fahrenheit?
Is there a way for a third-party application to know if a user is monitoring CPU usage?
Disk I/O degradation with concurrent writes to the same file
Partitionless Btrfs suddenly booting to GRUB rescue
bash readline: Key binding that executes an external command
Drop a specific file from the Linux filesystem cache?
Installing centos server in a virtual machine
Locate disk in SAS enclosure
Why do most distros (other than Debian) recommend/require a full reinstall when upgrading to a new version?
Keyboard Shortcut To Send Text Strings To Program
Guake throws an error on startup
Keeping track of the latest releases
How can I extend the wait time for the watch command beyond 4200 or so seconds?
Is there any option in wget to get the referers or parent of a link that are crawled by wget
Volume on Linux much lower than on Windows
CUPS compilation fails on Cygwin
Start a GNU screen window in the background/without focus
Linux kernel 3.3 power regression
Addition with 'sed'
regex replace text in xml file within node from the command line
ls behaves differently under strace
/lib/modules/2.6.37.6/build missing in linux puppy? what should I do?
FTP files from one remote server to another
Send a fax via SIP
How do you install mutt on Mac OS X?
Is there any way to set Mac OS X to use xinetd instead of launchd?
Run a given command on every subpath of a long path
Gnome3/Archlinux move windows with keys?
Archlinux bluetile failed to install "glade"
Can I set up system mail to use an external SMTP server?
How to set default printer settings without driver
ndiswrapper wireless driver does not connect to detected Wifi network
Can't change keyboard settings on Fedora 16
Media server RAID difficulties (on FreeNAS)
Best file system for removable media
substituting third occurrence of a pattern using sed
When to mount /tmp (and other temporary directories)
How to convert Windows 7 partitions to qcow2?
How reliable of using "nameofmychoice="anyname""
Open PDF previewer width specific size and position and "always on top" from command line
My default browser is set to Firefox but links open with Chromium
Test effective permissions of file for user
What happens for the last line when using N command with sed
Downgrade Gnome 3 to Gnome 2
About to replace windows with Ubuntu 11.10. Will this cause any problems?
Daemon file access denied while it shouldn't
Copy paste problem on KDE
How can a user restrict their own group rights without being root?
How to demonstrate invalid PID assumptions?
Looking for meta-recipe for installing homebrew recipes under BSD
Dealing with GNU Stow conflicts
Can't install python because of zypper conflict
Second monitor detected but not receiving signal?
What process is running before I even get a prompt?
How to get time synced outputs (different timezones on servers)?
How to use fsck to fix usb drive?
Open ZFS : Recently Used/Frequently Used statistics persistence
Set umask for systemd unit
BASH Script not adding variables in the Function
Tab completion on mosh (ssh) alias?
Fedora 25 - Place terminal icon on Desktop
echo users with a specific gid
How can I simulate a ssh session on a client behind a NAT?
Unix - way to see all files that recently got permissions changed
CloneZilla using
SSH server timing out localhost and reassigning breaks X11 output
Why doesn't Ruby's configure script detect my executables and header files?
dig returns different IP address when dropping the "www." from domain name
RedHat Linux Space Usage Problem
Getting the password expire time
How can I resolve the "invalid ELF header" warning when trying to SSH and what does it mean?
qemu-kvm savevm very slow
Have shotwell go through pictures in directory in order?
Why the default eth0 interface is down by default on CentOS?
Ctrl-Alt-F1 to F6 work differently for left and right sides of the keyboard
How can I upgrade pip on Ubuntu 10.04? 
What can I use to monitor and log incoming/outgoing traffic to/from remote hosts?
Can't view Chinese chars in evince or xpdf
Repeat the nth last command in vim
Can't mkdir /root (btrfs)
Identifying kernel modules
What is the usage of pattern before substitute command in sed
My debian-menu.xml is missing
Is there a way to detect null bytes (␀, NUL, \0) in sed?
Disable autoscrolling in gnome 3.4
When to use a semi-colon between environment variables and a command
Display all network interfaces on Solaris
How to make a program/process a service ?
Why are parameters to Bash's builtin optional?
Why are parameters to Bash's `command` and `type` optional?
Mount Windows phone as a removable device
How to enable dual booting option at boot screen?
Multiply certain numbers in a text -file by certain constant
Where is the system profile that gets sourced at login on CentOS 5.8?
using stat to provide timestamp for touch
Get a progress indicator when importing MySQL databases
How to create a single page PDF file out of multiple EPS files with GhostScript
To display the selected part in line of text file
How to configure SSL in apache?
Where does GCC look for its internal executables?
Delete repeated words between brackets inline
“crash” when switching users in Linux Mint 12
find & sed (search and replace)
/ readonly on boot, but don't see why. how to investigate and fix?
Sync with a Directory Listing of Web Server
Which users are allowed to log in via SSH by default?
How to not mount a partition in fstab file on boot but rather on click on shortcut in nautilus?
Ubuntu Gnome 15.10 super key mapping into Android Studio keymap
How to count the number of files in current directory that contain a specific phrase?
Strange directories in /home
Making csv file
Does Linux keep programs in RAM after 1 execution?
udev: Wrong symlink is made at boot time
Add extension to a list of files
how does one force the network service to use an updated interface file on system start
How to keep a development environment clean?
How to recursively change permissions on all directories inside current directory?
How to inform man about number of columns in non interactive mode?
Postfix: Outgoing Email Filter + Deliver sent email to a folder
Can a bootable NetBSD be built on OSX?
List the CPU utilizations for each screen
Interaction of initrd commands and systemd services doing same thing
How does communication between a BeagleBoneBlack occur and what is special about its mounting procedure?
Boot-Repair hangs, possible alternative?
How do I compile my Gentoo kernel for AMD IOMMU?
gnome-panel switches to one row on RHEL6 when opening mail
error:: could not find rake-11.1.2 in any of the sources run `bundle install` to install missing gems
Password encryption and decryption
How do I change Simplescan's default email?
How to switch console mode to GUI mode on RHEL7?
Command behavior is different when executed by an other user (via su -c)
How do I create a dd IMAGE from LVM for recovery purposes
Is there a shortcut to rerun a command with arguments from last command (not cd, ls or echo)
How to change MySQL 'root' password using MySQL v5.7?
Theoric: How to kill a forever forking process?
Syntax error at line 18 : `<<' is not matched
Can terminal window titles be updated while a process is running?
magic example using search and/or regex
Read only permission to sftp user in specific directory
Edit sysctl.conf file
Issue changing passphrase for gpg key
source command doesn/t work when used inside shell script
Can't generate client-side certificate after becoming my own Certificate Authority
In bash scripting, what's the different between declare and a normal variable?
Is Enlightenment a full DE or just a WM?
Capture Linux shell Commands to file
play m3u with vlc on raspberry pi using ssh
"Filename must be either an absolute pathname or blocklist" Error during boot
Xlib: extension "GLX" missing - with an NVIDIA card and on-board graphics
How to set `umask` for the entire gnome session?
Debian systemd boot error with macspoofing: job sockets.target/start deleted to break [...]
Why have the X server configuration files moved from /etc/Xorg to /usr/share/Xorg?
How to treat numbers starting with zeroes as decimal integer
Difference between /dev/null and /dev/zero
Replace characters in Makefile target
Configure Nvidia on Linux Mint to turn on three screens
changing $HOME directory name
Cannot set memory.memsw.limit_in_bytes in cgroup on Ubuntu server using cgm
BSD sed: Replace only the Nth occurrence of a pattern
How to prevent smbtree from asking for a password?
linux / SMP -- suspend immediately after wakeup from suspend
Running Emacs through the value of the bash variable
What is the definition of a primary in bash?
How is a trace of commands different from shell input lines?
How to modify the shell prompt?
Installing Kali Linux dual boot Windows 8
Before logging in my system, any way to make a key simulate another key?
Moving a folder to a NAS mount
Uninstalling GDB on a Mac
How to restart the Python script automatically if it is killed or dies
How to make my laptop safe & secure from any accidents like deleting by mistake?
How to auto-mount all USB-devices at same USB socket to same mountpoint
Understanding btrfs disc usage for single data volume
Apache "RSA server certificate CN does not match server name" error
Running du command reports infinity as disk usage
Change directory for Kate syntax highlighting files
Which socket is gnome-shell reading from continuously?
Backtrack R3 can't find wlan
What does 0.0.0.0:* mean in netstat?
Is there a way to keep an app running after closing the terminal that calls it?
How to know what files got deleted?
Qlogic HBA issue
Trying to understand LUKS encryption
How to change the default editor for a file type in Mac OSx?
How to use USB flash drive as part of filesystem for Chromebook running Linux?
Can't access Windows drive: “Windows is hibernated, refused to mount”
Route socks proxy traffic through wireless client
Rearrange the letters and Compare two words
How extract extension for output to make a new list
Need of some system calls
ClamAV Antivirus on C
How to remove single line between two lines
Can't install php7 and phpmyadmin in centos 6.9 - adding repository failed
Supervisor's child stdout.log: real time read
Why does piping to 'tail' change the contents of a line?
Self-compiled OpenVPN won't start from systemd
compare file A to B and spot differences
du/df and ls reporting different disk usage
bash: ‘export: command not found
Logitech M590 mouse not recognized after disconnecting (Kali Linux)
Installing USB dialup modem on debian
Running ip or ifconfig from inside an UDEV Rule
Understanding the memory growth of a process in svmon's "Inuse" column on an AIX 7 system
Can a dhcp client select its server? How?
Awk function, syntax error near unexpected 'myArr,'
Why is a packet is not sent until ACK is received when window size is sufficient
Mozilla based applications hanging in Arch Linux, LXDE
bash dialog prevent exit
Find most closely matching files in two directories
is there an uwsgi api for controling state of emperor's subprocesses?
How to update centos6.2 kernel, yum install success but failed to change /etc/grub.conf?
Bash - SQLplus to output delimiter file and keep row structure
CentOS 7 hang on boot
Executing a script on LDM start up
cups (cupsd) broke when I removed colord - how to print without colord?
Shell script to Unzip files to folders in destination with same name minus the .zip, also move every none zip to same location
Fontconfig issues
Stop/Start Tomcat Conditional Systemd Unit File
Script to detect mouse clicks like a screen saver while ignoring mouse movement
Error installing php-db in Debian 10 Buster
grep of executable commands with variable
Replace single field numbers with double field numbers (1->01)
Forward Slash Key stops working on Deepin Linux
Triple Boot Ubuntu, Windows 10, Android x86 Need to add Android to Grub2
Delete specific pattern in a word from a Text file
Error: Cannot perform an interactive login from a non TTY device
function in bash_profile to get `ls` result, choose one of them and pass to next command
Cannot extend partition
Command from Debian installation manual not working
Using df -h, i need to create an bash script that displays anything about 60% utilization
Running daemon involving GPIO on Pi
Variables outside of while loop
sed - find string made of 4 numbers with a preceding character and append character
find files in a folder
Disable CPU scaling with U 1404
Run program with environment set to variables in a file
xinetd apache2-proxy service unavailable
Determining RHEL Type (Workstation vs Server)
Can a file be corrupted by copying from NFS to CIFS?
Bash inside Vim not working properly
How can I configure iptables for per application setup?
How to allow access to a directory and don't allow access to a sub-directory in Apache?‏
Decoding "prog > file 2>&1"
wvdial: The PPP daemon has died: Pty program error (exit code = 9)
Commands not found: netstat, nmap on CentOS 7
-bash: cd: .ssh/: Permission denied
fdupes - delete files after comparing two directories
Switch screens in xorg.conf without reloading X
List all the html tags in a file
Keyboard is disabling
Why can't tar extract .zip files?
Reading lines from a file based on a list of line numbers and writing output to a utility
Masquerading a From address in the format servername@mycompany.local in sendmail
How to install precompiled ath9k driver?
Problem understanding 'hash' command in a .sh file
What does which's --tty-only option do?
CD into directory from HISTORY in a bash script or alias e.g. $(!!)
What does apt need to be healed of a bad setup?
Django not installing with pip because of mismatched hash
Differences between XStow and Stow
Is there a working H.265 encoder implementation available for Linux?
exec cp failes from script, yet works when issued directly
How to print several files at the same time using lpr?
List all my variables
Invoking a script with ld-linux.so?
How to adjust column width in Linux command output
How can I set "vi" as my default editor in UNIX?
Sending to two bluetooth speakers at once
How to cycle through reverse-i-search in BASH?
How does irqbalance determine which package to use?
How to boot into FreeBSD installed in the second partition of an external drive
"or" in shell glob
Direct recursive shell script output to each subdirectory, not parent directory
Multiple option arguments using getopts in bash
Does AppArmor decrease the system performance?
replacement inside parallel command string
Vim: replace all line starting with string with line
What processes are used by DRM?
vim multiple substitutions: three or more
Get the external IP address in shell without dig in 2016?
rename all files in a folder deleting duplicate string-parts
Does Linux require the decryption and login passwords to be the same?
Unable to re-create /tmp directory
How to extend bash aliases
How does the Manjaro release cycle work?
How does the administrator/root/superuser work in Linux?
one-dimensional array in shell not working for indexes greater than 08
Terminal vs Terminal emulator
Linux, GNU GCC, ld, version scripts and the ELF binary format -- How does it work?
Looking for an old classical Unix toolkit textbook
How do I check if a file already has line with "contents" in it?
What's the limit on the no. of partitions I can have?
Fedora 14 Xen virtual machine does not detect network
Distro- lightweight and easy to install
Adding a network card to the modprobe file
Is it 'possible' to transfer a VM to the metal?
What are the differences between various VM software?
How can I have 400% CPU occupied on 2 cores
Preventing battery from charging
Simplest way of forwarding all mail from server?
RSync - Excluding a particular subdirectory and its children where the subdirectory exists at different levels
How to select specific processes with 'top'?
Unescaped left brace in regex is deprecated
Shortcut created when mount any drive
Cinnamon Mint 18.1 crashes after nvidia driver update
How do I install an .rpm that fails with an error about an .so file not being found from Python 2.6?
The difference between 'ping' and 'wget' in relation to hostname resolution
Limit bandwidth of individual HTTP requests while not throttling total bandwidth
Is bcache solution for my ssd use case?
How to extract common number across multiple lines?
Sync two installs of Fedora
Assign a random password to all existing users
replace blank value with previous first column value using awk and sed
OpenSSL Usage to decrypt a string
how to addfile to ipset in shell script?
gnupg 2.1.16 blocks waiting for entropy
How can I get rows with specific columns and specific pattern?
Why does remote Bash source .bash_profile instead of .bashrc
How to set PATH when running a ssh command?
How to set default core file permissions
I want to run cut command to extract some column from a large file and paste it to other file:
is there an equivalent to "snoop -a" on linux?
How to grep for literal '..'
Why is there a different behavior for quoted parameters when in crontab?
Linux - key (h) is not working
Linux user Hierachy
How to use switch case in my case?
Compiling static Python 3.6.5 binary for ARM
Why does my directory take a lot of space on disk when the files in it are small?
How to remove temp files without changing the directory's modification timestamp?
How to view daemon stdout in openrc?
Expand glob with flag inserted before each filename
Starting Konsole on a display and with a specified command from SSH?
How can I manage a trash created under `/`?
Nested if statement, not working correctly
ssh-add: add_file: key_cert_copy: invalid argument
How can I create a bootable flash drive for Lbuntu and also store temporarily other personal files in the same flash drive?
Opening port in iptables
Is it safe to delete GRUB2 Stage 2 (and boot manually)?
How to create a permanent symlink to a device?
What live OS with reasonably small size that I can use to rescue files on a laptop?
bash - True if the length of string is (non)zero?
Issues with using multiple * in the grep command
How to combine secure access and data incoming from unidentified clients
shell: Quote string with single quotes rather than backslashes
Configure (route) specific connections outside of a VPN
How to create partitions for using Linux from Scratch
Is it possible to check the connectivity between 2 linux machines by pinging from a third machine?
/proc/meminfo says VmallocUsed is 0. So where are my kernel modules stored?
Average of last n matches using awk
Apt: install packages to a different location
redhat subscription server
How can I write a shell script to filter the last command?
Can I see the amount of memory which is allocated as GEM buffers?
Trying to generate random password characters into a file
Edit GnuPG encrypted file with no graphic interface
How to make a certain bash script execute when I enter a certain directory?
Compton.conf error on Ubuntu / XFCE
Which program is releasing Linux's Dynamic IP address, if dhclient already killed?
fail2ban with iptables-persistent
Zsh refer to last element of current argument list and expand it
netcat, inverse name lookup failed, listening on any address
how convert an ics file (exported from google calendar) as textual diary
Copy Files between Wondows and Linux parallelly
Does Bash imitate Locale-Specific Translation from C?
How to sum value of specified column by specific date in kornshell?
lsof shows protocol: TCP
Unable to load SFP+
What happened to elfsign and elfverify?
How to set VirtualBox disk size to fixed in Vagrantfile?
“VBoxManage not found. Make sure VirtualBox is installed and VBoxManage is in the path”
Is Troff Turing complete?
Postfix - Force emails to stay in the queue for at least X seconds before sending
Bash error: missing [: missing `]'
What do the parts of an acpi event mean?
Is there a Linux keylogger which records the timestamp at which every input was given? If not how would one go about doing this?
Permanent grub2 configuration on Debian 8 (Jessie) installation on Asus X205TA
Debian libtiff4
Ubuntu 14.04 mouse touchpad isn't responding
Bash, find and delete old files
Could not chdir to home directory when create and login a new user?
Running supertuxkart in a separate X server doesn't work as expected
Console timeout blanks to white instead of black
How to change ownership from symbolic links?
Convert Asyncronus reset into syncronus reset in verilog
ssh login after changed IP
Start terminal on Debian login
On executable files in Linux
send email from my local domain example.com to external mail server using Sendmail
Installing Git, Curl, and Expat from Source
Is the historical Unix V5 tr command padding behavior of set2 different from what we consider today "classic" System V (1983-1988) behavior?
Persistent (casper-rw) Dropbox keeps prompting to reconnect
How can I trigger the screensaver's locking feature using D-BUS from the command line?
How to Install Fedora Live Desktop 20 in Windows 7?
Restricting web application access to selected machines
Soft Link Detection
how to install Padre in linux(CentOS)?
Using while loop to ssh to multiple servers
How to configure fonts on a remote X connection (XDMCP vs. ssh)?
Why my encrypted LVM volume (LUKS device) won't mount at boot time?
How to force overwrite non-empty directories using `mv`
LDAP: view DIT structure from terminal
Connecting to the file systems of networked computers
How can you run a script triggered by a joystick input?
How can the output of ldd be checked to see of they exist on a different system or not?
kvm Spice graphics error: failed to get_drawable
nodejs deb package seems to miss npm
How to save the password for the next commands in the shell script?
Sorting files into folders based on date in filename?
an app is not installing and fails with vcredist_x86_2013 Using Wine 3.8
Preventing bash script from exiting after command error
Why df -h not showing partition mounted?
Issue in finding modules to change directory service type of ESXI host to Active Directory using ansible
Meaning of '^[0-9]+$'?
Ansible - How to mark a tasks as success when it failed actually
Convert separator character while escaping separator in fields
How to remove a specific number from a file?
bash: /root/bin/hello_world: Permission denied
How to send mails using SMTP server in Linux without error
Defining scheduled jobs with cron, 'crontab -e' vs '/etc/crontab'
Use Terminal menus without using mouse?
How can I generate a narrowband spectra from command line?
Boot Tails 3.7 ISO from USB with grub2
Pass params for getopt from a script that does not use getopt
echo append onto existing row, continue on the row
Setting autossh tunnels
KDE Plasma: GTK fonts too large after update
Changing LUKS passwords noninteractively?
Fedora accessing SMB Share - Every file has x flag set
I don't know why this error occurs in linux
sed append path to end of specific line pattern search
Accessing different servers with same domain name
CentOS 7 GNOME lock screen although all settings say otherwise
Why does this 'while' loop not recognize the last line?
How to get a working clock on Debian 9? Clock is wrong by a couple minutes
Running GNU/Linux on a tablet, as of November 2018
Gnome3 can not set energy saving properties
Can't install openntpd: "unable to find a suitable fs in /proc/mounts, is it mounted?" "pre-installation script returned error exit status 1"
Should I be worried if the total number of processes is approaching nproc limit?
EDITOR: subsidiary program 'emacs -nw' not found
What are the differences between here document and here string in their purposes?
Is a delimiter included in the field in front of it?
Ubuntu with Xmonad - How to run programs on startup
Slax Linux: Save changes (persistent USB) after selecting copy to RAM at boot
Ubuntu crashing/freezing while gaming
how to disable filelight showing snap applications?
Make the TTY console ignore the /dev/input/event3 keyboard
Disable colours at runtime in xterm
Existing LDAP object not showing in ldapsearch
"zip warning: name not matched" while compressing a directory
How to map a sata device name to a physical sata interface for RAID systems
I'd like my script to interpret links when processing files
What do +,- and ? symbols represent in `service --status-all`
Does ksh88 interpret a number as decimal using 10#n syntax?
Network setup of KVM hypervisor?
Insert variable value as element in array
LXDE right click for software
What exactly is the lack of transparency in systemd?
How does fail2ban detect the time of an intrusion attempt if the log files don't have timestamp?
What "bad list v: No such file or directory at -/usr/libdata/per15/OpenBSD/Pkg_Add.pm line 1115" means?
SIGINFO on GNU Linux (Arch Linux) missing
Why SOFT LINK can't point, But HARD LINK can point to the INODE of a deleted Original File?
Having issues unmounting partition for debian install
RabbitVCS with Xubuntu
Is there any size limit for the compress command?
"Failed to complete SSL handshake: NSS error -5938." while connecting with the retrace server
Why doesn't syslog traffic show up in netstat and lsof output?
Ram buffer from network transfers, what parameters determine it?
tar - List of extracted files
How to automate selections when installing via CLI
Has a public version of Red Star OS Version 4.0 been released?
Problem installing some packages
Is it possible to impose a minimum niceness on a specific user?
NMAP shows open ports even tough I installed the UFW firewall
What is the correct way to downgrade apt package and dependencies?
rsync seems like copying files but it doesn't actually
Is it possible to have a binary and external files in separate folders?
Forward All Traffic to Socks5 Proxy
How can I change multiple filenames simultaneously in Vim?
take action once background script is killed
How to enable CMA in x86?
How to port forward all ports in OpenVPN?
centos8 ssh Timeout client not responding
how to sort based on numbers on column with seperator on bash
How to reserve a drive letter/name for a specific type of hardware
Make commands available across all PuTTY sessions?
How to override ansible_user on command line?
Can we find in history command the dates & timing of the command execution
bash completion with arguments containing spaces
How to show only processes which consume more than certain % of memory using htop
How does glibc's ptmalloc2 determine if small freed heap allocations (<= 88B) are put in fast or small bins?
How can I give new file names while a program is working in a loop in cshell?
Multiple GlusterFS backup servers
Cannot install git on rhel 7?
Raise each element of an array to a power and store output to a new array in bash
Running multiple mariaDB instances in a safe-to-update way?
Running Xorg-Server within Docker container on Arch Linux - Keyboard/Mouse input disabled
List contents of a tgz archive inside a gz archive
Sleep monitor without requiring password on KDE?
Setup notify-send click action
Why is this code exiting with return code 16?
How to sniff other user session in Linux?
Which CentOS 7 package provides the "boot" manpage?
How do I get x11vnc to turn on during Boot, without logging in, so I can access over SSH Tunnel?
Traffic: Inbound and Outbound
rsync and mlocate db
DHCP lease table in router shows weird entries when connected to Linux server
Reading data from an input file and placing the data in appropriate fields in an xml
tee -a does not recreate file
How to make this search faster in fgrep/Ag?
Shortcuts for different keyboard languages
A plugin to see what I'm doing in Vim