How To F2FS Filesystem Encryption?
Arch Linux Installation Grub Problem
What is the use of sortlist option in /etc/resolv.conf?
Timed out error waiting for encrypted swap device
Arch: how to disable auto-login on tty?
Changing Firefox's Open Containing Folder action
How to make xinput commands permanent
Pass a value in .sh file at the time of execution
Restsrict LDAP Group CentOS 7
Is it always safe to use `eval echo`?
Automating CTRL+C (^+C) as part of a script?
Accessing Windows from Fedora after install?
What does 10 mean in libgmp10 library?
update-initramfs Stuck
Efficient targeting of a specific SSH tunnel from all the current ones?
SSH server also runs OpenVPN client - Inbound SSH times out
tail -f, without using polling
Docker - Index page not showing
How to increment the value of a (decimal) variable (with leading zero) by +1?
stat command unable to update the modified Time for a mounted file, but when mounted through shell , stat works
delete numbers from a column consisting characters and numbers in bash
Has 'sync' been proved to be necessary when writing to a block device with 'dd'?
Add new user without password but not disabled
error: 'Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/var/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock' (2)'
USB-C Hub Ethernet Not Working
How can I do an if conditional for a failure of a bash command?
How to remove the last character of a directory name from multiple files
Why gdb can't find my shared object library?
alias the find function and use it with sudo
Ubuntu stop responding when a browser are loading a very large horizontal HTML page
How to create new session in tmux, run command there and keep it alive and detached from command line?
Gentoo: how to set hostname for local network?
How to convert a list of VMDK files into a qcow2 or img file which have the same size
How to stop fetching data sftp?
Unable to reach network from host systems (guest systems are working)
How configure TAP, bridge for container to receive all network traffic ? Like IDS inside container
Trim an audio file into multiple segments using `ffmpeg` with a single command
LFS 6.7 /bin/sh Command not found
Why is one directory's file larger than 4kB?
any way to make this command chain shorter or better
Open qcow2 image on debian remote server remotely
Unknown interface eth0 even though ethtool eth0 shows info
apt upgrade does not see apt-offline packages
Return multiple params, some with spaces, from command substitution
Can I use the physical socket id of a CPU to determine which cluster it belongs on an ARM big.LITTLE SoC?
awk argument $1,$2 conflict with bash input arguments
Unable to power up Bluetooth dongle
How to monitor all file writes and reads initiated by a particular application?
converting variables in a shell script from strings to numbers
How to overcome tar: Removing leading `/' from member names
Using sed to give current date in mm/dd/YYYY format?
Debian kernel upgrades break nvidia drivers in Debian Testing
Applications Can't Save To Seccond HDD
Tailing log files in two different hosts
Linux sound lags while copying from USB key
System reports almost no space available, but the totals don't add up
Run Lua commands in Awesome window manager
how to run a software in linux without installing it
Monitor and alert user when stty settings change?
extend the storage of a beaglebone black
Systemd hangs in Xen Dom0 immediately after switch_root in boot process
Configure unreadable, tiny, small, ..., huge Xterm fonts
How to make a portable Kali flash drive? NOT LIVE
How to assign multiple different interface names on the same NIC card (hardware MAC address)
Getting empty data while reading text file and send read data to url by cURL in linux
remove and uninstall OpenSSL
Is there a way to sort grep output of a csv file?
How can I generate random 64-bit signed integer with macOS?
Linux `size` command gives different results from `ls`
nfs remount problem
How to redirect color output to a file?
Selective touch screen input in linux (wacom - or X11?)
map the results from find
How to sort file names in numerical order AND modified time order?
Postfix virtual alias domain matching with regular expression virtual alias map
toggle vlc fullscreen using dbus and mpris
How to retrieve a password from KWallet; KWalletManager won't run
Keep bash input on top line of screen
mdadm RAID10 - change broken disk
Screen is shaking/wobbling in Debian 8.1
Desktop icon in Elementary OS
bash./configure :permission denied
Magnetic stripe reader on Debian
Option to configure Linux kernel to run userspace script when core dump occurs?
How to create gcov files for a project in a different dir?
Adding a new disk to an exsting partition in linux
Kernel config diffs - better way to maintain
Why doesn't copying large files prevent Linux from going into power saving mode?
How to resolve hostnames with Raspbian 5/5/2015?
Allow specific linux user to bind to port 443
A question for old unix gurus or simply older SVR4 users: backup output
ssh over unix pipe or pty device
Run a command when logging in with xmonad
Boot to different partition after restore of operating system
How to tell systemd to stop service when it no longer required/wanted
tuned on fedora 22 - setting different alpm policies for specific devices
Unable to update arch linux under proxy
Boot iso file through uEFI by calling EFI executable inside the iso
iptables do not work, very slow to process on Debian 8
Live monitoring of background jobs
Piping contents of multiple files between programs while keeping contents separate
Python 2.7.10 on centos 6.6 but no IDLE
Can I cheat the docker run -it session by remapping ctrl+p key?
Why is my CD command not working on a home-built shell?
Convert multilines to single line
Disk still full after deleting some files
Can socat be started directly by systemd?
Problems after mapping Alt_R to Control
pcap file 20 times smaller than ifconfig TX/RX difference for same period
Is it possible to query messages that were sent with notify-send?
Curl, ping hangs/waits when using private network ips
SoftIRQs and Fast Packet Processing on Linux network
How to find a dynamic folders?
How to delete tmp files with messy names?
Installing Noto monospace font on Archlinux
Need to strip off the comments in double quotes
Can you write your whole existing filesystem to an image?
strace for troubleshooting inter process communication
Web-based Samba client interface for headless system
Trouble Joining an Active Directory Domain
BackupPC restore using command line tools
Why does Bash's source not need the execution bit?
yum is broken because of missing Python module (RHEL 6.4)
Linux kernel hangs at "Starting kernel ..."
How can I use terminfo entries on FreeBSD?
Rename file (Prefix) with full path?
device eth1 does not seem to be present
What keyboard layout is this?
where does go data written to file descriptor that was never opened
Qmake not working in a mounted smb dir
How do I define a samba share so that every user can only see its own home?
How can I split Openbox `rc.xml` into multiple files?
Change the color of the file name text
Ubuntu automatically connects to a wireless network when its already connected by eth0 to the same network
How can I hide the command list in Alpine?
How can I reset or lower the serial used in BIND DNS server's SOA record?
What's the purpose of `rm -P`?
Where should a local executable be placed?
How to check/test .tar.bz archives?
XTerm not closing using -e option
Why is it possible to leave CHROOT with this sftp config?
Sending HTML with Mutt (or another terminal mail client)
VIM -Change waiting time for combined key maps
Is there a way to make the history when pressing up in bash shared between shells?
scp: localhost password not accepted
linux multiple internet connections load balancing with fail handling
Hewlett-Packard ScanJet 2200c on Scientific Linux 6.1 64bit
Change zathuras display mode to single page only
Convert old /home from ext3 to ext4
RPM subpackage name
Create adhoc network when disconnected from network
Automated partition selection in bash script
In bash, how can I erase an alias without logout?
Does linux modules/drivers belong to kernal space or user space
How do I update my Debian kernel?
Jingle CLI client / Jitsi replacement / VOIP
how to record command which execute a programme suid
Find command incorrect results with days filter
why is filesystem intensive script not faster on ram disk
Auto-restart an process when it crashes
osCommerce hacked
Why flipping is done on data from Big endian before storing in LE?
Starting Resque worker with script doesnt work, starting by hand does
How to set up remote graphical sessions on CentOs?
How can I backup a directory to NTFS while preserving Unix file attributes?
Permissions for FTP directory: Inherit directory owner
file mass deletion
How to bind ppp0 interface (PPTP VPN) as 'external' in proxy server?
Configure Centos 6.3 to direct all traffic through a proxy server
Find which files are affected by bad blocks on ext4 filesystem
For each subfolder, sort files by name and rename them to sequential padded numbers (regardless of extension)
VirtualBox: two network interfaces (NAT and host-only ones) in a Debian guest on Ubuntu
Create MySQL database name using variable from date
concatenate two files without adding a newline
Stop Git submodule foreach from opening less for each module
An easier way to print from a live CD than Puppy?
why . and .. are listed when ls -a command executed?
How to display Discordian date?
string and number comparsion in bash in test statements?
How can I mount filesystems with > 4KB block sizes?
List all files with the same inode number?
How much success can I expect with Qemu On PowerPC Linux?
gcc not found when installing mysqldb for django 1.4
Running 'make test' on an individual module for Python 2.7.4 build
Specifying a generic interpreter for a program like expect?
Wrapper script to list sourced/executed files
Recover Partially Formatted Hard Drive
SSH login via IPv6 successfull while using IPv4 to the same host yields "Permission denied"
comparing lines with awk vs while read line
Properly Setting Red Hat Daemon Umask
Is there a list of NICs that work with linux?
Chainload syslinux from GRUB2 - show syslinux.cfg menu
How do I know which library and man page will be found first?
Why does rsync fail to copy files from /sys in Linux?
Filesize in for loop
Is there an easy foolproof way to translate commands from Ubuntu to Debian, and vice-versa?
Modify multiple files in different folders with one command?
Undeletable directory
Shutdown command fails
How to send all output to `logger` in POSIX shell?
Kernel address space layout
Directory in /proc that isn't process dir but start with number?
How do you use variables with values containing spaces in a Z-shell (zsh) script command?
XXD output without line breaks
Why won't function return until background process ends?
Building and installing C* Music Player (CMUS)
How does find evaluate expressions?
How to Troubleshoot this apache2 failure of restart?
How to fix unit attribution of last lines of systemd logging before exit?
How to display the contents that give rise to the sizes that `ls -l` reports for directories?
How to disable IBus in CentOS 7?
pkill not killing processes past immediate descendants of a process
VIM: function that checks if external program is running
Screen corrupted after booting debian 8.5 installer
Why do I get "no credentials cache" error when mounting Kerberized NFS share?
Autocomplete hostnames when using SSH within history file
set environment variables from stdout
Bushound alternative for Linux for SCSI logging
Login loop when trying Awesome with Gnome
Fedora 23 black screen after update
Patching the kernel to allow booting without initrd
How to properly use "complete -G"?
Applying NAT to traffic from GRE tunnel in OpenBSD PF
Facing huge layer 7 attack on port 3306
Can I use a shebang to have a file source itself into current bash environment?
Laptop reboots instead of resuming from systemd suspend when on battery power (suspending on AC power works)
Detect Keyboard Layout by typing keys on archlinux
How to kill all sessions for a Linux user except first one, and limit users to one login session
Postfix "Relay access denied"
Find a folder excluding one
kick off a systemd service just before shutdown
opensuse leap shutdown does not shut down correctly?
gzip same input different output
when i used sed -n ,why this err about sed -n ' $j,4800p'
how to fix this problem after installed webmin?
what is $$ in bash?
What's the proper way to read stdin inside parenthesis assignment of 2nd pipe
Ignore sshd inhibitors when rebooting
How to start up k=10 Apache2 server processes upon Ubuntu 16.04 alpha release reboot?
Retrieving five random items from a list using sed
Is it possible to cancel a job in the printer spooler with cancel -a
Command line utility for reading tabular data
Why does chroot get ENOENT on an existing file?
How to disable Alt-Arrow switching of Virtual Consoles?
Missing repository problem (404 Not Found)
Possible corrupt passwd file
Give a user the permission to access files in a directory
Recover data from a BTRFS RAID5
Autostart a GUI application in Debian as root
Grep display both matched and umatched lines
How do I find out what filesystem drivers are compiled-in into the linux kernel?
top command on multi core processor
Curious about strange ICMP type 3 code 10 traffic to my IP address
Format output to a specific line length
Make a deb package that installs data under /var/www/data
Connectivity between 2 remote Linux machines
Bluetooth Device not working debian wheezy
getting last logins since $time
Reverse grepping
How to set parameter zero ($0) while executing a script?
How do I know what decompression algorithms are compiled-in into the linux kernel?
IOCTL() Library for Windows
pppd "Couldn't get channel number: Input/output error"
AWS linux - How could I install postgreSQL on amazon linux?
Where did Unity3D just install?
ASUS ZenBook Linux install fails
working netgraph configuration for ipfw and ng_bpf on FreeBSD
Dell laptop with two external screens
Create command line variables with PATH
How do I write an application launcher that will start Atom in a custom working directory?
Pulling all of a process's swapped memory out of swap
Remove first and last character if present
Printing text to pdf using cups-pdf doesn't work
What's the convention for "public" files?
Linux network authentication issue
service collectd not starting properly
Usage of prune not working in find command
Alsa capturing mono microphone as right channel of stereo
Virtualization and SCSI passthrough
Storage device trouble: IO errors but no bad sectors?
Looking for the right way to rename the GRUB boot entries
Add one line to all found files
XMLstarlet for JSON?
256 colors in console (tty)
Why does the Skype incoming call window disappear in Awesome WM?
How can I add an x509 certificates bundle (ca-bundle.crt) to NSS database (~./pki/nssdb)
How to parse ISO8601 dates with linux date command
Unable to write to hdd formatted in anything other ext2,3,4
xrandr call makes it forget about secondary display
Can I remove *-dev packages if I'm not compiling apps from source code?
Plotting first column as X and every other column as a separate line for Y in gnuplot
initrd and initramfs confusions
Hardware independent printer driver
Is lsof part of default RHEL installation?
How do you add an old repository (Jessie) to the list of repositories apt-get can download from?
Can I replace multiple characters in ed?
How to restore horizontal application menu in KDE Plasma 5?
What is the command to display disk usage of current directory?
"mktemp: too few X's in template" if there are two sets of X in file name
Capture git output into variable
Copying files based on partial names in a file
How to attach a file while sending an email through shell script?
linux 19.1 mint Wifi not working thinkpad e580
Cannot edit crontab from service
Default python command points to anaconda instead of /usr/bin/python
Safe way of running an equivalent to rm -rf *
shopt -s cdable_vars is not expanding as expected
How to restrict (open)VPN client connection to single system user?
how to make sure SCSI is properly freed
shell script - Remove character before a specific pattern
How install .deb file generated by building custom kernel onto virtual machine?
Avoid ";3~" when task-switching away from a Virtualbox'ed bash terminal
How to replace faulty disk in software raid using lvm
Length of a variable
In vim in binary mode what is a ^K character?
Installing gtkmm from source
Executing shell command on ubuntu using php from remote machine
Deleting files older than 30 days based on filename as date
Feed /dev/random by Octeon RNG
What directories should I back up?
Debian nvidia-cuda-* packages conflict with gcc-6
How to list all directory paths including a text?
Mounting MTD root file system (squashfs) on NAND flash
gpg-agent: can't connect to the SCdaemon: IPC connect call failed
Overlay : filesystem not supported on lowerdir
native unzipping under wine
Wrong results while using "find" in terminal
Setting a timeout and limiting memory of a process
wifi networks don't show up in network manager
Terminal(kitty) colors altering vim color scheme
Two-words argument in shell script
HiDPI scaling for non-aware applications
Unable to set mac address to tap interface using systemd-networkd
Get current timezone on CentOS 7?
How to upload package to my private YUM repository on Suse
How do I compile Chromium for ARM Cortex-A8?
Using cURL command-line tool on Mac, how does one fetch stock data which comes back *without* commas?
running script at specific times without using cron
Unattended Linux Mint Install
remove a portion of a line contained within two different types of separator / delimiters
Triple monitors on Debian wheezy
Partition usage double of what is stored in file system
Avoiding Losing my Shell with set -e
sqlite3 command line - how to set mode and import in one step
Can't connect to remote server using RDP remmina after upgrade
Linux Mint 18 Xfce panel 4.12.0 Indicator plugin how to increase icon size
How can I get my laptop's internal speakers to work correctly on NixOS?
grep regexp [A-Z] returns digits
Understanding the objcopy command in a book
Why does the update command display the same ppa?
macOS pf asymmetric routing through VLANs
How to POSIX-ly count the number of lines in a string variable?
Why do I get permission denied when using unshare?
Why can't I find anything on this command on the net? `statftime`
Retrieving the SO_INCOMING_CPU of a UDP Socket?
Virtual PDF printer on the network
Could I disable syslog.service after installing rsyslog on Ubuntu 18.04 server?
Strange zombie process responds to signals?
grep: Always show context of N lines
Store more logs in-memory with systemd-journald
Deleted directory of a running program
htop and crontab
Can a shell script be a global command?
find -exec {} + argument list limit
ffmpeg bash script doesn't not work with subtitles when it comes to a filename with spaces
sed? - replace part of line if match from another file found
What is the predefined order in which man searches sections?
How to prevent kdeconnectd from starting automatically?
searching and deleting duplicate text
Prevent systemd timer to run on a metered connection
Contents of apt file revert at boot
detecting unique lines from log file
Bash parameter expansion
create a vdso in linux
How can I get parent, children, siblings of a block device in Linux?
how do i check if an input argument of a bash script is a base ten number?
why can't I instialize the struct member fields separately?! (In USB device driver)
Set variable conditionally on command line
Logrotate not occurring automatically
Quickly kill processes containing word
Open a application on the second Screen
Binary file not executable
In bash, how do I list environment variables matching "MY_VAR" and then export them?
How can I output NUL correctly to a file via a script?
pods going into pending state in k8s
DHCP Server IP Conflict Detection
How can I sum the time based on usernames?
Excluding Bash File from modifying itself
how to completely blank video output on boot (no kernel logging, grub output, etc.)
Tmux bash completion code walk-through
PAC Manager dependencies problem under Centos 7.1
My Fedora 22 unable to discover wifi networks?
Escaping double quotes in string
What is the Linux scsi mid-layer
Recover system gcc on linux
Strange characters after pressing numeric keyboards in VIM editor
Old Xen Installation Unable to be Formatted
shell script for easing tasks of System Administrators
Using xfreerdp with variable IP/hostname
Drivers for Marvell 88SE9230 SATA controller on Linux
Connecting to a serial port with VMWare ESXi and Ubuntu
use SSH tunnel to baypass Captive portal
Sandbox alike solution for linux
tenshi and logfiles
How to detect if a file is hidden
Linux - How to open a console and display command results on startup?
I need to swap displays in Gnome 3 login screen
Cannot downgrade from CentOS 7.6 to 7.5
Cmd to check pids used by particular cpu's
VNC Connecting issue in SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 SP4
How to correctly escape command arguments from an environment variable
Delete files - Keep newest based on filename pattern
Different output when alias
Difference between Manjaro editions
Split string using multiple delimiter
Why does mtab live in etc?
What key combination to enter into console mode at boot time ? [Debian 9]
Using a tool that can't find libssl 0.9.8 when I have openssl 1.0.2 for tool to work and receiving error
Restoring lost network routes after loss of network
Find string and make it bold in output E-mail
How to copy Linux distribution to different machines?
Unable to set up WiFi drivers in Open Suse Leap 15.0
URxvt font spacing
What happens if I start too many background jobs?
Sendmail issue with "localhost.localdomain"
Is file specified in .ssh/config/IdentityFile private or public key?
linux partition/disk numbers (sda1,sda2,sda5)
Run Selenium Python script without headless mode on Linux Server
Run 2 instances of qbittorrent-nox on same linux
.zshrc configuration doesn't set ENABLE_TMUX to true
Conditionally run command in init.d service script stop() on shutdown/reboot in CentOS6
Attempting to only copy files that have changed within the last day while maintaining folder structure
Why is my multi-line perl string replace adding a blank line?
Why debootstrap can only run as root?
RAID 5 crash... trying to save what I can
Why does rsync keep copying without actually writing after an error?
Is it a good idea to keep a backport entry in /etc/apt/sources.list ? For updates and especially upgrades ? No side effects?
Unzip in Unix and renaming the files
Unintended line breaks in csv file
No early serial console on a system that needs a kernel module loaded for the UART
Linux kickstart select default image
PulseAudio server connection failure: Connection refused (debian stretch)
While loop produces wrong dates
How do I troubleshoot Mutt html preview choking?
What is meant by Restricted Maintenance (Red Hat updates)?
How to build live image from custom compiled kernel? (Live-build)
Convert multilines to single line with SED
pppd issue over serial cable
Get a refreshing list of running specific processes
pendrivelinux install on usb stick - only uses 5.8GB of a 14.7GB usb stick
Finding and replacing text inside awk block
how to install VMware vSphere Client on centos 6.5
"Requires: perl(:MODULE_COMPAT_5.8.8)"
. (dot) in file mode
Is it safe to use lvresize -r to reduce LVM
Why is `tac file | grep foo' (piping) faster than `grep foo < <(tac file)' (process substitution)?
Is there a way to convert a zip to a tar without extracting it to the filesystem?
pacman does not sync core
How does `stdin` of linux work?
How can I increase the acceleration of the mouse wheel via xinput?
How to place the toolbar to the top in fluxbox?
rsync to copy files which has changed
How to prevent prompt that ask to restart services when installing libpq-dev
Minimal Linux with kernel and BusyBox: /etc/inittab is ignored, only /init is executed
wlan connection stops working when ppp 3g connection is running
bash 'nounset' on sub-shell/child doesn't force main script to exit, how to workaround that globally?
Find all occurances in a file with sed
Is there a way to find out why tmux crashed
ZFS: Trying to remove top-level drive from Zpool
how to use \n( and )\n as delimiter in awk
insert the content between the matching pattern in shell script
How to cut fasta sequence at specific numbers and generate ORFs
How to merge pdf file so that each file starts with file name?
How do I ssh my Mac from another server?
Running C++11 library with older libc
setup wireless router using systemd-networkd *.network files
How to stop receiving spam email from server
Kali Linux 2016.1 Command buffer error
Configure network card without knowing its name
Keyboard shortcuts C-h, C-m in bash
How to select a boot disk wie pxelinux
Why are folders in home directory (Documents, Pictures, etc) created only after the first graphical login?
Nginx Reverse Proxy setup
Trouble mounting a centos NFS export on Windows 2012 R2
Mount root filesystem from initramfs
IO Error when trying to create a Btrfs snapshot
Hide xfoil pop-out window
Is there disk-level caching in Solaris 11?
Multicasting with a Debian Router
Compare dates in a list
Looking for a way to test how often filesystem data is flushed
Delete file with filename that contain unallowed characters
Configure NFS server to accept connections from unpriviledged ports
Why does reading /proc/net/tcp take a long time ss is quick to return the same sort of data about the connections table?
CentOS, how to watch YouTube videos with Mozilla Firefox?
How to fix whois Command Error
Ask for password while mounting cifs share
How to find lines that begin with **
iptables routing input and forward paths
Linux root access recovery by booting on the console
Bash PS1 Doesn't Evaluate Variables
Custom Linux log in prompt and system health check
How to add users from data in a text file
How to Find out a GNU Screen Window’s Default Directory?
Problem Counting the lines of a text file
Gather data from 100 AWS servers
Remove directories sequentially vs. simultaenously in background
KrbException: Fail to create credential. (63) - No service creds
Cannot override default group permissions with ACL
Does Solaris have an equivalent to /etc/ld.so.conf?
Tri-booting Windows, Ubuntu, and SUSE
Are there any side effects when two distros share a swap partition?
What does etc stand for?
Chakra overriding Arch?/ Is this possible?
How to enter a tab character in vim with SuperTab plugin enabled?
How to install Flash player plugin on Fedora?
Doing two things with output from a command
How to get the maximum info for a USB drive by looking at the debugfs output?
Install new kernel in PowerPC debian 
History command inside bash script
How to build a python egg for a TRAC plugin?
How to get lilbmp3lame encoding to work with ffmpeg?
Setting SVN permissions with davsvnauthz
Why is badblocks segfaulting?
Is there a CD/DVD disk reading test tool for Linux?
Why does '/' have an '..' entry?
More doubts in bzImage
How are directories managed in the filesystem?
How to view a TTF font file?
Bash script to find and kill a process with certain arguments?
Harddrive error on boot
Finding SSL cert location by connecting to the port
permission denied /dev/bus/usb/
removing strange characters from a zsh prompt
smartd.service doesn't seem to work after reboot, only after manual restart
Adjust backlight via DDC?
Permission denied error while using scp command between two remote machine
How to get GRUB back after overwrite?
Trying to understand how TTYs and PTYs work in CentOS 6.5?
Creating UDF image in Linux
getting "bad init string" when dialing with wvdial
Busy Device on Umount
Installing virtualmin over webmin
Installing packages from LMDE on debian wheezy
"unknown partition table" - misconfigured kernel
Code duplication in a shell script
Granting Access to Computer Accounts on Samba Shares
Make Install Linux Kernel Location Change
transfer file to remote host and append to file if existing
Compiling Linux and Creating Bootable ISO Image
zerofree verbose returns what?
How can I get TaxACT 2013 to run on Debian Wheezy amd64 with Wine 1.4?
How to efficiently track .bashrc (and similar) with git?
Is there a way to blacklist one HID Device or ignore a udev event?
Can I target the source xinput device when requesting input?
How do I delete files except some specific files passed as parameters?
Error "libpthread.so.0()(64bit) is needed by code-1.33.1-xyz": Couldn't install VS Code in OpenSuse Tumbleweed
clonezilla sd card
Why can sudo read a stdin password, but su not?
Restrict SFTP user to run only limited set of commands/action in Linux
Copy line and insert it in a new position with sed or awk
tar command writing to standard output
How do I boot back into my MacOS?
Filesystem type is ext2fs, partition type 0x83
DPMS does not work: the monitor is not switched off
What sudoer spec allows users to mount cifs shares?
Is there any env variable to turn --color (and the like) on for all commands?
Small apt based linux
stop pipe() opening stdin
Internet(ADSL) connection doesn't seem to be working on Arch
How can I pause/resume rsync
How to Distribute Computing of `tar czf` for Longer Time?
postgresql auth against samba active directory
wait bash-builtin burns a CPU at 100 percent
BASH get value from string
Why is $ the default symbol for a user shell and # the default symbol for a root shell?
Sort files into folders, depending on filetype
zipimport.ZipImportError: can't decompress data; zlib not available
Nested for loop in bash
ifconfig not displaying NIC's and also no wired Ethernet connection
Extracting from Logs
Faster mouse acceleration on XFCE4
How can I protect SELinux labels from being modified?
Ordering of files opened by program
Install samba4.4.4 from source on centos7
Turn htop into widget
When gitlab says make a file executable what exactly do they mean?
When using popd, how to push the current directory onto the stack?
Vim Search and Replace - Regex
How to pick oldest file in a folder from directory
Can I indicate that a .deb package depends on Java, but not specify what implementation (e.g. OpenJDK, IcedTea, Oracle)?
Can I open terminator with one windows with bash and another with fish?
Can't boot Fedora from Kali's Grub
Add a line below each line matching a pattern only if not already present
How can I disable my touchpad/prevent accidental clicking while typing on Fedora 24?
How to configure device mapper name of encrypted root partition with Grub2?
Howto terminate xvfb-run properly
Puppy precise - sudo command not found on bootable CD
Possible to reuse first argument of BASH line in the same line?
How to install specific mysql 5.6.21 version on redhat?
How to deploy war file in apache2 in ubuntu 14.04?
negative values are being treated as positive in RHEL suddenly. Why?
Linux passwd User permission change
Use Debian Laptop as Bluetooth headset?
Return one value and save it into a variable
Firefox not loading style immediately
Why isn't program output being greped?
Why my anaconda-ks.cfg file doesn't contains the partitions and LVM settings?
Who does Linux ask when you perform a whois?
No space left to free up on rootfs partition to upgrade kernel
Difference between size of binaries - x86_64 vs ARM
How to get a deterministic complete dump of all iptables rules?
umask XXX (permission bits) to give execute permission to files
Unicode fallback font
How do you pass variables to jsc/javascript?
Why does find sometimes match its command line path argument?
Finding files that have been modified using a script?
How i check if a specific number.word exist in a line?
Installed Blu-Ray/DVD drive over SATA 3 link, no longer able to boot
Is there an equivalent of javascript Math.min() in bash/bc etc.?
What is the difference between starting x and starting the display manager?
how to run "play start" as a linux service
What source package the Installation Wizard of Deepin OS is using?
Is it possible to run multiple x sessions with each functioning properly?
Kill process with timeout
cannot get A2DP mode work with my bluetooth headphones on Gnome
What does the option -9 mean for killall?
run a programm with timeout sending multiple signals in different times
Bash script doesn't convert variables
How can I find only the catalogs and sort them by size
Per-user total traffic counter
How are GNU documents in PDF formats created?
Linux alternative to alt+numpad codes
LMDE2 does not work on my laptop after being installed from Live CD/DVD
SystemD uses 100% of CPU 5 minutes after my user's login
Is framebuffer/vbe resolution a property of monitor or graphics hardware?
How does bash differentiate between brace expansion and command grouping?
Tools for parsing automatically-generated HTTP indexes?
Why does my user's login cause systemd to use up a CPU?
shell scripting if statement doesn't work
log file for storing outputs on stdout and stderr isn't created
Screen brightness 100% with proprietary Nvidia driver
How to keep a long-running process run with Kerberos and Andrew file system?
move middle part of filename to front
Power 7/8 - LPAR has null desired_proc and desired_mem
Why my disk is at full speed even though very little is written or read?
How to change the default file manager in GNOME 3 (Fedora 23) with LXDE installed?
Archlinux how to generate italic style from regular font
How to put variable in for loops?
What distribution do you suggest for daily use?
Where to I copy mouse cursor themes in xfce 4.8
moving from user mode to kernel mode
Can I dual boot Linux Mint 32/64?
Accessing /home/user data from an Ubuntu system mounted as external drive on Debian wheezy
Weird escape sequence
w command: same output with(out) -u option?
How to get a Finepoint Digitizer Tablet to work under Fedora Core 16?
No sound in Ubuntu minimal + xbmc. Possible bug?
xrandr --pos doesn't do anything
Can vim display ASCII characters only, and treat other bytes as binary data?
Is it better to set rules in ip6tables or disable ipv6?
Can not use WEBEX in CentOS 6.5 , Fedora 18 and 20
Is it bad when dvdisaster says that some sectors of a dvd disc are unreadable?
Disabling PHY auto-negotiation during Linux boot process on Xilinx
Is it possible to find the physical address range of a DIMM?
Why can't I disable some of the services in system-config-services?
How to add Flash support on a PowerPC debian
Mail server broken my LAMP installation
How to test UPSTART feature of ubuntu to see my script gets restarted automatically if it gets killed?
monitoring events (keyboard, mouse) in X
Does BIOS device whitelist affect Linux?
When are spaces around the = sign forbidden?
How did `git pull` eat my homework?
Bash autocomplete with vim command
Creating a Bash script that will execute a program and if it exits without crashing, will run it again
how do I recursivley grep (or otherwise search for) hex strings
Process history in Unix/Linux systems
Can I create a bootable distribution backup
Debian VLAN (8021q) Configuration doesn't work
Mutt: gmail archive
How to read a text file line by line which is not constant in shell scripting
Does "mount -o remount,ro" flush filesystem buffers?
Unable to get rid of root user and privileges
Errtrace and local
Find the exact string with grep
Move iptables rule (w/o removing and adding)
How do I hide grub boot menu unless shift is pressed?
Shell scripts for the database logs
sed to search for multiple words and remove those lines
SSH tunnelling explained in layman's terms
How can I remove a bunch of ancient packages on debian?
how to reverse the effect of sgdisk -R=/dev/sdb /dev/sda?
How can I suppress the space between generated arguments during brace expansion?
Count total number of lines before/after a pattern match
Problems using ecpsf in Snoopy with IRAF
What's the difference between $(stuff) and `stuff`?
PHP interface to manage linux user accounts
Adding an empty line at the end of input
Is there a tool that allows logging of memory usage?
What is the scope of using rsync in sync-ing my target root file system from my host?
How is an Interrupt handled in Linux?
What protocol/standard is used by terminals?
Is it possible to use ssh-copy-id once password based logins are disabled?
Correlating /var/log/* timestamps
How do you choose which monitoring application to use?
Can I make `cut` change a file in place?
Can the focus of a Microsoft LifeCam HD-5000 be fixed at infinity under linux?
Is there an equivalent of GNU Screen's "log" command in tmux?
How would one permanently set names for network interface (wifi/ethernet) in arch
Expansion of the word UNIX?
Why do I need ntfs-3g when I have already enabled NTFS support in the kernel?
Why is screen seemingly doing nothing with commands passed with -X?
startx results in blank screen
Processing control characters
using cron to run script
Redhat Enterprise Linux 4.7 - Ping problem
How do I recursively check permissions in reverse?
Open a file given by the result of a command in vim
Iterate over the output of a command in bash without a subshell
What distribution-maintained cross-compile toolchain packages exist?
Remove files, which provided by pipe
Add applications to launcher
What are the pros/cons of Upstart and systemd?
Measuring internet connection quality
Getting an existing Linux installation from one computer to boot on another
How to apply recursively chmod directories without affecting files?
Multibooting FreeBSD and other Linux distros
Filtering on dates with grep and awk
How to open the same directory in another panel in Midnight Commander?
Why am I failing to mirror a web site (using wget)?
When changing distro
HPUX setacl leaves uid behind
wgetpaste alternatives?
Difference between /bin and /usr/bin
Is there a scripting language with C-like syntax?
pacman and powerpill not working
For what purpose would perl* be excluded in yum.conf?
Can I set my local machine's terminal colors to use those of the machine I ssh into?
What do these Boot Loader Settings do in the OpenSUSE installer?
Detecting when serial RX goes idle between data packets
How to fix error: "symbol lookup error: /usr/local/lib/libQt5DBus.so.5: undefined symbol"?
How to use aircrack-ng without wifi adapter or are there any other hacking methods without wireless adapter?
Horizontal gradient background works but solid background doesn't?
Tmux mouse-mode on does not allow to select text with mouse
How to find out a linux kernel ring buffer size?
Systemd stop unit before another unit
How do have a directory under which I have all .zsh related files
Replace each tab ONLY at the beginning of each line with spaces
Very slow graphic display refresh after upgrade from Linux Debian Wheezy 7.9 to Jessie 8.6
How do I check if either or both of the two files exist?
gdebi Dependency is not satisfiable
Bulk renaming of camelcase files to include spaces
Proper setup for multi boot
Awesome WM: Change Tag Label Color for Notifications?
View what to delete before taking action
Alsa and gnome aren't cooperating
How would I request that a future version of squashfs incorporate shadowing functions?
How to send the ESC signal to vim when my esc key doesn't work?
What text editor was used by Thompson and Ritchie in the writing of Unix?
How does ssh run a command?
How does Ubuntu keep persistent access permissions for mount points of automatically per-user mounted devices?
output garbled when running "xargs ls" in parallel
What's wrong with `if ($num1 -eq 0) || ($num2 -eq 0)` in a bash shell script?
Detecting where to bind to receive a UDP broadcast
where are the zsh builtin prompt themes reside?
Can Python 2.6.6 work with CentOS 7.3?
Start a service at boot and automatically respawn it if it dies under AIX
Not able to connect to my Ubuntu SSH Server even after port forwarding on router
How to restart my java program automatically if it gets killed?
Mediawiki error: File upload not working
apt pin priority for a single package in a source
make custom commands on android 4.4.2
Create Linux distro with minimal number of files
error mounting truecrypt disk with cryptsetup
Vi keys in Xpdf?
Moving a directory from a user to another user, keeping the correct permissions
I can't create fstab while installing arch
Force English layout for the «Compose» key pressed
Qcow2 snapshots - snapshot for disk vda unsupported for storage type raw
GVim compiled from source does not use gtk2
Load command parameters from upper level file
unrar part of a multipart rar file
Fork bomb on a Mac?
How can I disable terminal resizing
SSH and home directory permissions
Unable to use -o allow_other with sshfs (option enabled in fuse.conf)
Having trouble with packets not making it into Fedora 16 Apache
printing a string's "canonical print-escaped form"
terminal: non-english characters
cd by just typing the directory's name?
Sendmail configuration with user mapping on Solaris
Fedora 16 strange /tmp permissions: mysqld will not start
how to run shell on a remote server with root priviledge
Why is the default umask value for useradd in openSUSE set to 022?
How ignore PATH with `source` completion
stopping harddisk spin-down on Asus EEE 1015PX (and other eee's as well)
“error: no such device” at boot in Ubuntu Server 11.10 with Raid1
Hyperthread and processors Clock, Size, and Capacity
Build a module from another kernel
What are some good profiling tools for Linux?
How to install emerald package on Mint?
How to really easily save all tagged attachments in mutt?
PulseAudio cannot open shared library
libGL / swrast error when running chromium-browser over X
How to make a link between interfaces, route and process
How to install CDE on Debian?
Install application to /usr/local
Getting xmonad and gnome-panel working with Fedora 18
Flashing rootfs on Embedded Linux with Limited RAM
What are the characters printed when Alt+Arrow keys are pressed?
Sending binary data to gets()
How to turn off the beep only in bash tab-complete
Executing a program according to the last modified date
Banshee crashes on Arch Linux x86_64 after a few seconds
apt-get won't install: dpkg: files list for package 'gnome-themes-standard-data' is not a regular file
Search and replace full line in recursive files
rpmbuild: How can I 'Require' one package *or* another
rpmbuild: Is there a way to specify recommended packages
Exynos 5 DVFS or turning off cores in Ubuntu - Scaling frequency for one of the cores only (dual core) (cpufreq)
Detect which interface traffic to an IP address goes through
How do I find out which package contains an executable?
Losing smtp/pop3/imap access
How safe is it to cat an arbitrary file?
How to find responsible script with ausearch results?
How to remove LUKS auto-unlock?
How can I run a piece of code in background?
Determining network interface names in NetBSD
getting the message "out of partition" after installing GRUB 2. What is happening?
Language Support on Linux Mint Debian Edition
How do I route different users over different OpenVPN tunnels in Linux?
Stream system audio through mpd
Can I reload variable in a watch command?
How to configure sip trunk with different host details in Asterisk
Changing permissions on user files for automating Apache VirtualHost creation
Are Icecat and Iceweasel different projects?
difference between "function foo() {}" and "foo() {}"
Use an existing wampserver from a windows partition on linux mint
cron from multiple files
Disable Bluetooth device on Ubuntu
rsyslog drops messages excessively
How to check whether firewall opened for a port but not listening on the port
How do I stop the root user from deleting a file?
Expansion with numbers in human readable format
What does -u of diff really do?
Remove string from a particular field using awk/sed
SSH Connection on Remmina using AWS public key
Dropbox-Daemon crashes after renaming username
Exit script from a backgrounded process?
Shorthand syntax for U-Boot arguments
Issue with starting GNOME
gmodule-2.0 not found while compiling
Process multiple files, pull out multiple matches and print (save) to a file
Grep keep (output) entire .txt file if one line contains string
FreeBSD's sh: List functions
Bash: Why is alias after newline ignored when run remotely?
What is the difference between dd_rescue and ddrescue, when to prefer which one?
How can I improve this characters conversion script?
How does this command work? mkfifo /tmp/f; cat /tmp/f | /bin/sh -i 2>&1 | nc -l 1234 > /tmp/f
GUI utillity (Not Gnome Disks) to edit fstab to automount at startup permanently connected drive(s).
Where does the certificate chain from openssl come from?
CAP_DAC_OVERRIDE and other permisions
What is the difference between base and evdev xkb rules?
Silently kill subshell?
force output to input (buffer) like "\033[6n" in a script
How to decrypt Cryptcat (twofish) data?
How to ssh forwarding with AllowTcpForwarding set to no?
less: multiple filter conditions with AND
append lines after another files line by line
How do I send a set of file paths to cat and display their contents?
Why is lsblk showing the old FSTYPE and LABEL of a device that was formatted?
How do I convert .JB2E files to a more common format?
Requires: libc.so.6(GLIBC_2.17)(64bit) MySql Failure
Fonts screwed up, many errors and warnings
RPM upgrade database
Single Linux install bootable on multiple architectures
Check if a command is executable
RPM is skipping packages. Need to install 2 architecture versions
Unable to drop LVM2 snapshot of rootfs
How to hide active firefox tab name from KDE task manager?
Using AWK: how to define printing fields to search for rows containing dates ranging between today and 5 days ago?
syscall number → name mapping at runtime
Can't resume from hibernate
Unix shell script using Expect shell
How to increase nvme_core.io_timeout on my c5 EC2 instacnce
Tool for analyzing DNS config
Where are escape sequences needed when using tilde ~ operator in awk?
What is Address Binding?
Ubuntu 18.04, what is using my hard-disk space?
How to chain sed append commands?
Is there a canonical method a host can use to self-rename?
What to grep on result of find function
Error opening device /dev/sysdig0: make sure sysdig-probe module is loaded
Redirecting only selected lines to a script
centos7 repartition issue
how to print the line number 5 to 10 of multiple file which does not have same extension in a directory
Replace spaces with underscores only when within quotes
Searching a string and comment next line, then add new string in Shell script
Linux VMs in the cloud (like Azure) - use LVM or not?
Display Servers with Wayland
Delete partition table which resides in kernel memory
network statistics of each queue in a multiqueue system
Why configure/build gcc takes much more time than apt-get install gcc
LFTP adds ";type=i" to remote file name
Why can I not see this "readable" directory?
ssh X11 fowarding doesn't work: Error: cannot open display: :5
Accessing initramfs-tools features in Yocto generated initramfs image
Bacula - Fatal error: Authorization key rejected by Storage daemon
Unable to identify which MAC address output of arp command or ip command is correct
How to know how many rows of code are there for a CLI shell?
SCP sudden abort: broken pipe, message authentication code incorrect
lsblk vs lshw -class disk,DVD not recognized
A hidden file? (most probably a wrong script )
Audio stereo jack plugin not detected
how to get n-1 number
Need to Clean my Oracle Unbreakable Linux
what condition we need to use "." in command line?
KDE apps look 'oldschool' since updated to XFCE 4.12
Change the permissions of the files
sed to match pattern between matching curly braces
gphotofs protocol error mounting Android device in PTP mode
DMD (D Compiler) home folder location
Error Installing Firefox
shell command cd !$
Downgrade Centos 7.2 to 7.1
Removing "," for calculation and adding it back using awk
How I can identify that a process has multiple instances
Error: install exited abnormally [1/1] while installing CentOS-5.4
Output both ps and Date on one line, to a file?
Unable to get rid of repo on Centos 7
return value of command not displayed in script
How to loop on my files to find a file that have an exact expression at the beginning of a line?
Adding ":" time-formatting using awk
How to get the computer name (not its hostname)?
How to provoke a broken pipe
regarding recursive deleting of a specific file type
remote osx split panes in ubuntu byobu
why lsb_release looks slower than a program supposed to print few bytes?
Systemd service won't start automatically
When linking with undefined version of a libary is a correct choice?
When to create new epoch for a Debian package?
Text size in the terminal
How to write this schedule in crontab?
Linux Mint 18 + Nvidia-375: modprobe: FATAL: Module nvidia_current not found in directory /lib/modules/4.4.0-21-generic
FreeBSD and DD a Blu-Ray Disk
How to run pgpool(or any service) through postgres(any specific) user
How to install Python 3.6?
How to follow tcp streams continuously along the capture with tshark / wireshark?
passwd -S gives "Alternate authentication scheme in use." and password in /etc/shadow not encrypted
How to extract unique domains from access.log?
Debian gnome-disks and mkfs can not format external hdd
How to remove lines containing IP address?
How to add a third-party repo. and key in Debian?
What should I backup before upgrade?
What exactly is dot dot (..)? Why is its behavior different with symlinks?
Using double-click in a terminal window under Fedora 24 with vim to perform copy and paste
Systemd mount with a condition
How to insert variables inside a string containing ""?
I should have 500gb of space, but I can only use 250
udev: no add events at all when a certain device was removed while in use
How the original unix kernel adressed memory?
determine (in script) if command runs in terminal (from desktop file?)
HPUX 11i v3 Auditing to a syslog server - Configuration
BuildRoot - accessing eth0 needs root privileges
How do I find out what filesystem FUSE is using?
Linux Mint - Glitch in Screen Recording video files
Can't install synaptic in kali
Disk is likely to fail soon
find with -execdir
Can I use `type` to check whether an arbitrary name is a valid command name?
How to start a virtual machine filled with qemu-nbd?
Linux and CPU usage
Linux - Sending a command to a screen through a shell script?
Insert mode in all windows in VI
Easier way to run remote and monitor remote commands
I'm trying to run build compton-conf but it's telling me "no targets specified and no makefile found. stop."
How can I get the ipv4 address from `ip link` like I used to see with ifconfig?
Increase entropy_avail on Cavium
Budgie - Screen Recording session outputs frozen screen
Unable to mount Mac's EFI partition from Ubuntu Live USB
Installing "software centre" on Kali
Match text between two words with grep on multiple lines
Fake Transparency in URxvt Using ImageMagick in i3
Old index files of repositories
Proxmox System Crash Daily
echo strings but extra question mark was added to the output
Touchpad is behaving very Inaccurate and Jumpy In Ubuntu
Allow partial memory mapping of /dev/mem
Just installed Puppy Linux to hard drive (full install), but it doesn't boot
Folding terminal pager
Boot Ubuntu Desktop 18.04 LTS with no boot-loader
mDNS secondary domain support
All files or folders copied from an NTFS drive are with drwxrwxrwx rights. Can I correct this easily?
Title bar disappears when windows are maximized in KDE
Boot ISO File located on LVM from GRUB2
Possible limiting factor during upgrade of Fedora VM - not disk or cpu or network?
imagemagick convert - compress all files in the directory
Ping a network hosted in a server from hosts in different subnet
Add trailing slash in csh
How to keep the content of a replaced string with sed
Mount cifs Network Drive: dynamic permissions?
Should I use Samba's vfs_aio_linux or vfs_aio_pthread or neither?
Terminator: custom tasklist icon
How does bash implement the "|" operator?
How do I track why X11 keyboard shortcuts don't work?
Different between `ulimit -e` and `renice`?
How to iterate through a list of files with spaces that is sorted (case insensitive)?
How to iterate through multiple file extension without caring about case sensitivity?
Number of processors in /proc/cpuinfo
How is the inplace modification of a file being done?
`power/persist` file not found in USB device sysfs directory
Is it possible to execute code in heap space?
Delete extraneous files from dest dir via rsync?
Manipulating /dev/video
Quickest way to change dir from /xxxxx/foo/yyyyyy to /xxxxx/bar/yyyyyy
Appending text to end of a textfile
How to understand the kernel panic core dump output?
Is 'Shut down computer when finished' during Avidemux encoding stage useful?
How to re-encode a DVD into a single file?
VI mode in freetalk
Graphical boot-up screen lost after upgrading the kernel
FTP client with a good GUI?
Why do all my DNS queries resolve to 192.168.1.251?
What process created this X11 window?
Using zsh's line editor to wrap around subprocesses
zle - I cannot find why Ctrl+R does not work for non-root
Unix users, groups, and permissions
How to (safely) move /tmp to a different volume?
Count how many times each line appears in a file
Bash Conditional Statements
What are shmpages in laymans terms?
How to change what Alt+F2 calls in GNOME?
Ubuntu: On a network with many clients there are two machines that can't access the web via a browser at the same time
cURL access HTTPS website
jetty repositories for Debian lenny 5.0?
For deploying a public-facing webapp, which between Testing and Stable to use some weeks before release?
Distribution recommendation for a multiseat setup using dual-head and supporting direct rendering
Lock second mouse pointer & keyboard input to one window
rsync: does it uses invisible configuration files?
Can a bash script be hooked to a file?
What is the difference between the following kernel Makefile terms: vmLinux, vmlinuz, vmlinux.bin, zimage & bzimage?
Shell output question
Arch Linux installation- partitions
How can I make a process I start during an SSH session run after the session has ended?
Non-Root Package Managers
Release a port owned by third party application?
Use a directory to simulate a USB storage device? Or any other way to simulate a USB storage device?
variable substitution in CLI and for loops
How can I check the charge of an Apple iPod Shuffle?
automatically load shell scripts from /usr/bin
Share Internet connection from a Debian laptop to a FreeBSD desktop
Adding kill to a sudoers group
How do I bind to Shift+{Left,Right} in tmux?
Setting the window dimensions of a running application
What are pros/cons of dselect and apt-get?
Problem making a virtual host with Apache
A tool for checking broken web links
Linux: Interface/control 3.5 mm Headphone or Microphone port?
Get the free space available in current directory in Bash
How to install Python 3.x on Debian?
Colored man pages not working on gentoo
How to rename a file into a random GUID?
How can I make Flash fullscreen on an external display?
ssh problems only when connecting from remote IP
Track [sh] <defunct> for debug purposes?
Usage of inb, inl, inw to access kernel space from user space
When do you use brace expansion?
Upstart on Debian?
What distro for an old HP (Celeron/384MB)
Where can I find a log file that logs ports error messages in FreeBSD?
Running several commands in a screen-split
Is it possible to stop a shutdown command?
Locating kernel module from device node major, minor number
How to add a PDF file to another PDF file after a given page?
Fail2Ban custom filter not applied
CIFS mounting multiple copies of the same share on the same mount point
Why does no sound play with Realtek ALC260 driver in Debian?
How to copy all files in a folder excluding files which are being written?
How to make Realtek nic use r8168 driver
Make apt-cache depends only recurse over preferred alternative
ddrescue taking months, what options do I have?
GLX version is different when using SSH versus logging in directly?
Why do I get this at the end of a `last` command?
Finding words with particular characteristics in a dictionary file
Camera not working on MacOS Sierra (and High Sierra)
Difference between file and file descriptor linked to a file
What does the RSA key fingerprint represent for a forwarded port?
Can't install Fedora 29 on Thinkpad W550s due to GPT
google-chrome cursor extremely small in Gnome 3, google-chrome-dev is regular system size
Can no_console_suspend be set in runtime?
Calling sh with script on stdin and passing command line arguments
Find what program accessed a kernel module
How to use the awk output to construct the command
Prevent overwriting a file with redirection
How to avoid multiple 'libFoo.so' open() calls at application launch?
Nested if statement execution error
I need to replace a string in html sed is not working
How to take number of bytes transmitted and received from /net/proc/dev
Adding size of files using shell script
USB bulk write works in VM linux (on win7) but not in native linux (ubuntu 4.19)?
Adding text to a file 2 lines before the last pattern match
How to make my bash function known to external program
Flickering and artifacts when capturing screen using ffmpeg and x11grab
How to allow removal of USB-drive with LUKS key while keeping device decrypted untill reboot or logout?
Why signal function is not able to call my signal Handler?
Watchdog daemon doesn't start at boot
Execute sh with parameters in bash
Grep the text which matches with a pattern
How to find all .zip and .rar files recursively and sort them by size
tmux force resize window
How to copy and add prefix to file names in one step?
Add 30 days in date
How to find out what caused lag/freeze and self-reboot?
ispconfig PHP not parsing on apache2 virtual host
gnuplot figure-precision
Play videos in a different screen without showing desktop environment and cursor interactions in Gnome
Recompile kernel without modules that are not currently in use
Does dd copy everything, including all metadata and all "empty" blocks
service stop doesn't run the exit/cleanup part
Configure debian ddclient with dyndns noip.com
Linux 'make' command fails after installing ruby and gems for biopieces
Double width 2D content when using the (proprietary) nvidia driver with Intel graphics in dual monitor setup
Uboot passes arguments to kernel!
Building RPM results in nothing generated in RPMS directory
MInt 17.2, Enable Icon display for root desktop? Eg Home, Computer,etc
Permanently mount - Reboot currently stops
copy from file and paste in the terminal without x server
Extract source commands of an existing gnome terminal session?
apt-get error installing software on Parrot OS
Bash : rewriting a file which is read in same line
Dynamic Variable in KornShell Script
Is it possible to delay booting the system after the user has pressed the power button?
Grep on single line
KeepAliveD Documentation
Copy contents of a directory to root directory without relative path
Is there a way to sort IPs by latency?
Fedora 31 Workstation for Ryzen 3900X - X570 - Radeon RX 5700XT
Dropbox Selective Sync in Gnome 3.34
How to properly escape the need for sudo needing a password in a bash script
How to find out, which screen is HEAD-0, HEAD-1, etc.?
How do I get Make to acknowledge two intermediate dependencies from one recipe?
Cannot Get CentOS 8 to go Full Screen in VMware Workstation
Update Linux secure log to show escalation to root not as the user but as its RSA Cert ID
Anyway to improve this given shell script which keeps testing a website using curl command?
Unblock signals using standard utilities
How to remove a setgid directory that links to another location?
At -q not queuing
I can't move /var folder to other partition
How does the Linux kernel schedule CPU, between user space processes/threads and kernel tasks/jobs
Easiest distro and config to setup a headless server with odd hardware?
what does "&>" mean
Ubuntu 19.10 and before: how do I move an entire root linux partition to another drive (ex: SSD upgrade)
Is UN state and D state in Linux processes are same?
How to cycle display desktop in Lunutu by keyboard?
Installing Python on Linux and Windows
iptables command is not accepted in parrot OS
Convert .env file into params for Docker
Redirecting logs to a file using systemd is not working
Remove blank lines at the end of MS EXCEL CSV files
`udevd command not found` - I just can't get a command list to work
Block all default commands while a bash script are running?
Create multiple random pairwise combination of words
Avoid Public IP based browsing of website in Apache 2.4
Set Colemak keyboard layout as default in Mint
KEYDEF of sort man page
Replace spaces with comma but not in the whole line
Copying latest files (date=today) from local to HDFS with spaces in the names on daily basis
Connections in /proc/[pid]/net/tcp which don't appear in /proc/net/tcp
Apparent different sizes when attempting to export a particular mysql database
search protocol
Extract columns from a file and performing function on others
SSHFS/SFTP : Vim hangs when trying to edit file over sshfs and can't upload file over MTU size over sftp
Add a clickable link which opens in the outlook mail
Input devices stop responding and high X.org and kglobalaccel5 CPU usage when connecting a USB device
"Backups" (deja-dup): after installing duplicity 0.8 from source, "Backups" can't find it
authentication error on chage command
spaces between date format
How does initramfs mount root filesystem?
Open bash terminal application with keybinding/script and keep/hold window after application ends
search and replace of users hash from old server to the new one
How to set SELinux in permissive mode without reboot?
Bridged interfaces and VLAN tags
I have no firewall2 file
Default GTK printer is LPR rather than using the CUPS default
Using cURL, How can I fetch a numerical string which contains commas and spaces and convert such to a NON COMAFIED string
How to fix display crash for the Radeon R7 260x graphics driver?
Cron job, random start but within timeframe
Win7 NTFS Partition is empty using Linux LiveCD
How to set up custom domain name
How do fork and exec work?
Tried installing Mint 17.1 64bit, deleted Windows 8.1 boot partition when I overwrited it with the Linux boot
csv file with multiple columns to zenity
Solarized theme in both mc and Terminator
How do Linux PIDS increment
Error Installing Single Assignment C (SAC)
Finding files that use the most disk space
Isolating cause of higher CPU usage on RHEL 6 vs RHEL 5
What does @ sign mean in 'ls' output on Mac OSX Lion terminal?
Mount Google Drive in Linux?
Allowing an entire subnet on Ubuntu server 11.10
How to copy an installed application to another computer that lacks the build tools?
Choosing the right distribution for learning and hosting web apps
Configure vim's :make to switch or open tabs on error
Refresh/reload active browser tab from command line?
Is it possible to redirect system-beeps to the normal audio?
Change font in echo command
How to get networkmanager to configure domain specific name servers with openresolv + dnsmasq
Reload xserver-xorg-input-mouse
console space eaten up by file contents
Location on disk to write a byte-flag?
How do I create a ZIP archive that preserves only the structure of the target directory and below?
Configure & Compile syslog-ng from source, got: Threads are not supported on this platform
Booting Laptop with external monitor stalls
winbind using wrong netbios service code in queries
Create meaningful etckeeper commit messages
Execute as another user that is not root
How to free up space on RPi 2 root card?
Sharing a network drive between Linux and Windows
How to make .bin binary from linux source code?
how to find occurrences of a file using locate
separate one data from one column by repeated characters into as many columns as the uniq characters
How to prevent scroll wheel from changing the selected item of comobox in gnome?
Where to place user created systemd unit files
Termite overlapping letters
Boot server from pxe
Cannot mount SD card after hard shutdown
Skipping the hostkey verification in dput/sftp
Problems with udev rules for starting bash script when HDD is disconnected
How to extract the Root CA and Subordinate CA from a certificate chain in Linux?
Is there any way to delay the driver initialization on Beaglebone Black?
Hosting Linux: Is there any way to run multiple website applications?
Getting "command not found" when trying to run rvm command as sudo
What are possible causes of systemd error "Failed to enqueue OnFailure= job: Resource deadlock avoided"?
Can't send mail with Postfix and mutt
bash script works but give errors: "[: too many arguments" and "8197: command not found"
How can I activate/configure a screensaver in Wayland/GNOME?
Ftrace time duration
How many unit files are required for a systemd
What are the differences between ncat, nc and netcat?
Installing dotnet-cli error
Why flock doesn't clean the lock file?
CentOS 73: how to ifup a NIC automatically?
Two Linux Installs Two Swap Spaces
Why is upstart a childprocess of systemd?
How to configure iptables ICMP rules on a router?
How can I hide credentials in a script?
How can bash aliases be configured to handle spaces in directory names?
Create a file that's treated like a btrfs file system
ptrace: Operation not permitted when attaching to a zombie process
How to run fake-hwclock before /var/log/wtmp is updated?
cgroup throttle on child device does not work
Repeating common strings in a long batch script
CentOS - Yum - Multiple urls
Rsync multiple directories in one line
How do I debug an application which is immediately killed when opening it?
How to rsync multiple source folders
Testing regex from stdin using grep|sed|awk
Ubuntu all of Apache's vhosts in one file
Shell script for kill command
Why does the proprietary nvidia driver break kernel dependencies?
Unix OSX invisible process, how do I identify further information?
How to change which program is executed by default
Why I cannot download pdf files?
Sound is staticy on Squeeze
Will I have to dist-upgrade from wheezy to Jessie?
wlan number assignment
Bad wifi with MacBook Air mid 2012
Making a recovery partition in embedded Linux
tac command's option creates strange output [comprehension question]
Creating an Alias to Loopback Interface with an Arbitrary Name
How can I silence ssh-agent?
Any programs suitable for making a database over disk-content?
Program for identifying files from unfinished torrent-downloads?
Arch Linux: Apache just isn't interpreting the index.php files
Fake installation of java-runtime package?
Can't load IA 32-bit .so on a IA 32-bit platform
How to get near-perfect screen recording quality?
Does sed write to the file or give a sample output
How to find Heap memory of a running process?
shell parameter substitution to rename files
Keyboard combination to insert non keyboard characters
Configure SSL Mutual (Two-way) Authentication
Cannot connect to belkin router through linux mint
Gnome Terminal---hide the tilde files produced by Emacs
QEMU Direct Access to Video Card (or, QEMU Video Output without X11)
Expand subshell before executing it?
Shell script execution
How does coreutil's date manage to get such weird results?
Installing a package locally to a user - best practices?
extract a file from jar file and get the diff
cryptsetup, LUKS, dm-crypt benchmark
snap /dev/loop at 100% utilization -- no free space
what does grep -v grep do
Strange router work with centos 6
How full is my ZFS pool? (not sure how to read command output)
Where to find the full information about a signal?
Combination of totally opposite grep options
Access VM via static IP (NAT?)
Copy files listed by the find command and rename it with the path
combine ssh and scp in one ssh session
mv *.cache.{js,woff} sub_folder - works as shell command but not inside a Makefile
GNU find: get absolute and relative path in -exec
How to convert several MSG-IDs in xml at once?
Netperf and OUTPUT iptables rule
Substr evaluation followed by curly braces as a loop
Start/stop systemd service using keyboard shortcut
Configuring firewall via systemd as early as possible
apt update error: "Writing more data than expected"
FTP doesn't overwrite - put Permission denied
bash script for cdo command to run it on different files
How to force Fedora 27 to write to USB flash drive immediately?
Bash or condition in a while statement
How to get Kc key and TMSI number with AT command in Linux
Merge/combine two monitors into one desktop
systemd uwsgi service fails to run automatically but runs when started from interactive session
Memory resouce monitoring program
Can't connect to the guest Ubuntu vsftpd server from the host
Unable to import kerberos.schema
Is there a way to have ls show hidden files for only certain directories?
grep --line-buffered until X lines?
Making mysql CLI ask me for a password interactively
fdisk not seing resize2fs shrinking unmounted partition
How to configure HA/load-balancing at L3 for multiple NICs with quagga route injection and loopback addr (centos 7)
No output for $ grep '[^a-z]\{22\}' /usr/share/dict/words
How to route specific VPN traffic via specific VPN client?
user on nfs share
RegExp: Trying to understand it. Making a query
Join two csv + first File fist colum + second file first column and take only match column data
How to create a script to make a structure and sort files by moving them into directories?
How to stop caching a LVM partition?
Should I replace my system binary of PHP in /usr/bin with a self compiled one?
Why my script execute in / instead of /mydir?
Cron job running at 12.00 AM despite changing its time
Missing kernel headers, but need them to install the Wifi driver
bash: /usr/bin/perl: Argument list too long
How to make a Wacom tablet stylus slower (less sensitive)
Kubuntu 14.10 Wireless DNS Issue
sh test two conditions gets [: missing `]'
hidapi ./configure error --- missing libudev
How to interpret busybox "top" output?
Dual Boot Debian on Raid 0 in UEFI mode
sudo command is unsucessful when invoked from file manager
How to restore default XFCE theme ("Adwaita-Manjaro-Dark") in Manjaro?
Group matching with grep includes extra characters
lsof misses files
linux + what are the messages bad tty under /var/log/messages file
Bash script : Unexpected End Of File (FreeBSD)
Why is the shortcut Ctrl + A jumping to the start of a line in the terminal?
Assign specific line from a variable to another variable
Don't I need to move a shrunk filesystem before resizing the partition?
Show exact number of CRLF occurrences in file
Redirection. What is "<>", "<&" and ">&-"?
Running a program (command) on terminal after login screen in Ubuntu 14.04
Understanding a signal script
Debian server makes internet connection drop
Not able to tile floating windows in xmonad
timeout pipeline
How to do a netstat that will only filter based on pid
How to sftp one server to another password protected server without interactive?
xdotool - how to get window id given its X and Y?
How to detect SLES version?
Does restarting of Display Manager (e.g lightdm) restart X server as well?
Why does my thumb drive go into read-only mode after a while?
How do I remove multiple files with a common prefix and suffix?
Recursively rename subdirectories that match a regex
How do I transfer multiple files with a common suffix and prefix using an offset?
Linux security vulnerabilities?
sed pattern matching
Alt-Left on OSX to behave like Alt-Left on Ubuntu
Connected external HDD slows down system
How can I get entries for a given time period from a 400MB+ log file?
How to restart mono web application without restarting apache?
Bash prompt when my home directory is a symbolic link
Recursive grep for words in a particular file type
How to reload a background process?
Achieving full resolution with PowerVR SGX454 on Ubuntu 12.04
High CPU usage with CFS?
Reverse DNS lookups slowing down network operations on LAN
MacOS/PopOS dual boot: MacOS volume not showing as a boot option
Apache doesn't work on port diffrent than standart on Centos 7/OpenVZ container
Tmux default directory is '/' the first time after reboot
Can not mount the parted sdb1 to the directory
Can I force apt-get install to skip upgrading ca-certificates as the upgrade is failing on Debian GNU/Linux 9?
Bundler issues upon terminal startup
How do I increase the amount of supported Unicode characters on my Debian desktop?
Explain this forking syntax
i want to print date by the user in the format YYYY/MM/DD ,
Resume DD on creating a disk ISO?
How do I automatically reload mupdf-gl with latexmk?
iptables to allow traffic from one country only
Installing older Java app on Linux
display a different name from the 'real' URL name
List files and directories that a user has permission to
How do I decolourise a Linux terminal?
Readline: using tab as menu-complete, how do I “accept” the auto-completed directory and display the next level down?
What is this random name in my command-line prompt?
fdisk warning: (Extended) Partition does not start on physical sector boundary
Rendering of underlined dots in man
Security review: classifying ssh log-in attempts
How to create wrapper script for python so that sys.executable becomes equal to name of this script?
Debian 10 Buster | update-grub | command not found
bash arithmetic expansion seems to be prone to injection attacks
How Linux determines which bashrc file to load when there're multiple of them?
Why is eval not working with command substitution?
What are the consequences of specifying same directory overlay upper/workdir and merged?
CLI backup tool
Laptop lid closing freeze - Ubuntu
How can I create multiple partitions in a LUKS container using a gpt/mbr partition table in the container?
Writeback cache (`dirty`) seems to be limited below the expected threshold where throttling starts. What is it being limited by?
ip-tools vs old ifconfig
Can't start Matlab on Ubuntu 16.04
BASH: how to view command history in while loop?
installing grub and a working kernel over an old and broken debian system
Schedule job at irregular intervals
Check if content of file has length X and contains only specific characters
How to install after windows 8.1 with MBR partition
Is it possible to have a bashrc for a usergroup?
Can I spawn a new terminal that is a clone of the current terminal?
What causes a ssh interruption?
I can't use or find the google debian unstable/sid repository
Starting A Bind/DHCP server
Viewing foreground process using ps
How to retrieve monitors configuration from the command line?
How do I periodically run a command with very short interval and get the return?
testing services/open ports with telnet?
Dtach and Vim over Ssh: Reattach Session
JAVA_HOME not set in script when run using sudo
Installing opensuse via USB
How to use three monitors on a laptop?
ant script stops, waiting for input when run in background
xorg performance in openoffice
Xorg ignoring wine application
zsh alias expansion
How do you derive the passphrase from hexadecimal wep key?
Can I easily search my history across many screen windows?
"Too many arguments to function" error while installing php5-pdo_mysql from ports in FreeBSD
Why is echo "bar" -n different from echo -n "bar"?
What are some excellent Emacs utter beginner resources?
Why isn't GNU/Linux SUS v3+ compliant?
How to disable playlist song hover info in Amarok?
Any options to replace GNU coreutils on Linux?
Why does LD keep outputting "no version information available"
Select YeAH-TCP like congestion control algorithm to configure kernel
Unable to find Red Hat Server
How do you pronounce System V and SysV?
How do I install mercurial on openSUSE?
Why does the Centos apache httpd-2.2.3 rpm remove the bundled apr,apr-util,pcre?
Why did my sudoers file suddenly reset itself?
Must an X11 server be installed for X11 forwarding over ssh to work?
Errors from cfdisk with new external USB backup drive
What is the function/point of "config.sub"
How can I change the language in chromium?
Inittab seems to ignore remount,rw /
What is the difference between BAT0 and ADP0 on the linux kernel?
Assign file name to a variable using pathname expansion
Unmet dependencies while installing Git on Debian
"Real install" of core-linux (TinyCore)
VirtualBox installation problem and no WiFi connectivity on Linux
What are the folder that I cannot set as encrypted folders decrypted at login?
Lenovo yoga 510 touchscreen not working
LDAP: ldapadduser - can I add to two different groups?
Common flag designations and standards for shell scripts and functions
why has /dev/dsp vanished from SUSE
Configure Postfix to Relay and Login From External Machine
Printing connected users in bash script
How could all the GNOME keyboard shortcuts be removed in a script, in other words, NOT using gconf-editor?
Off by 1 year error in GNU date?
Some errors when building Glibc LFS - are they harmless?
How can I trigger an event in shell script when an USB device is removed?
What do you do to scan with 600 dpi while maintaing a small output file?
Run X clients over multi-hop ssh tunnel
Secure access to remote SSH tunnel
IMAP caching proxy for sharing connections
Suppresss "~/Mail does not exist" in mutt
Alt-Left to skip words does not work in terminal emulators
Can't run boinc on fedora
Why are tar archive formats switching to xz compression to replace bzip2 and what about gzip?
How to reduce Linux' write buffer for removable devices?
32 bit versions vs 64 versions of Linux
Up arrow at an empty prompt in ksh93
How to extract string between Nth and Mth occurrences of a pattern?
Can I edit library with text editor?
How can I forward multiple ports in the SSH configuration with LocalForward?
how to add a loop device on fedora 23 with losetup?
How to fix shell prompt ( ps1 ) odd escape sequences after remote login from iTerm2
Error calling EVIOCSKEYCODE
System upgrade conflicts
SSH takes too long to ask for password
Create a UEFI bootable persistent USB Livesystem
Why does `ps -e | less` show 'less' among processes?
recognize which interface I using
How to suppress echo of buggy read function
Can't install xorg-init on arch
Package "packagename" has no installation candidate in Kali 2.0
How to print a certain field depending on input?
Can't close luks volume on android (device busy)
Interpetation of /proc/sys/kernel/shmall
Is the "kill" command for job control the same as the "kill" command to send a signal to a process?
Finding Strings in very huge text files
rsync port 22 and 873 use
Memory Usage to CSV file
Final tails installation question
How to take input from a column and change it to something else and count it
Use USBIP for devices that are being removed and reconnected
Bash 'unbound variable' error when variables are referenced in multiline comment (set -u)
pipe reads from stdin even when stdout of previous command is routed to dev null
Parabola (Arch-like) - ICU Update Caused Some Programs Require Two Different Versions of the ICU Library. Both Fail To Start. Cannot Reproduce
mount.nfs: access denied by server while mounting (null) inside a mounted nfs share
Debian package `vlc-data` causes `error: subprocess paste was killed by signal (Broken pipe)`
Change the default executable for file with potentially missing shebang
Can I use a variable content as a shebang?
Fedora workstation 27 freezes after login
X11 forwarding and .Xauthority file
How do I write a custom application launcher that runs an application as a specific group?
How to follow OpenBSD current?
Logging SSH public key connection attempts with nftables
Fastest way to determine if shebang is present
Working without a desktop manager?
Linux From Scratch Inside of an LXC Container
Run X application remotely, run GUI on remote host
Auto-SSH works manually but not in background
What is the difference between shell builtins and shell keyboard shortcuts?
Kernel mode bit
How can I use output of a execi in a conky in a subsequent line
centos 6.3 bug command[cp]
What logs do I need to see to know httpd failure reason?
Why doesn't I/O redirection work when killing background jobs?
Why does sort ignore dollar ($) at beginning of line?
How to get the system task summary given by top without using top?
Grep for a set of lines from $START to $END AND that contains a match in the $MIDDLE
Load device at boot
Who is right about inodes? df or tune2fs?
What is the font in this image?
Keyboard doesn't work at graphical login
ORing with true in a command over ssh
Install multiple linux distro in parallel
Cloned SSD doesn't boot and prints strange lines
Start X client in a bash script end exit script
Dual GPU Dual Display setup: monitor is black but detected
Include proxy settings into system connections files
Print the string between two parentheses
Why ``gvfsd-metadata`` process is hogging 100% of a single core for a long time
How do I stop emacs from colouring the text of the file I am editing?
How do I stop emacs from asking me if I want to load a large file?
How do I stop emacs from asking me if I want to exit a modified file without saving?
GDM3 setting incorrect refresh rate for my monitor on evert launch, despite it being set properly in xorg.conf
Why can users delete each others files in this case
How to change encoding from Non-ISO extended-ASCII text, with CRLF line terminators to UTF-8?
How to install latest catfish in ubuntu 10.04
Log files corrupted with NUL characters and text from other processes
Yum not working
How long system has been awake / running / since restart
What could cause the clock to jump by 5 minutes?
CentOS 6.5 sound permissions
Unable to do head or tail for a file
Config to re-enable gtk2 tear-off menus?
Tool to create recipe to preseed partitioning
Drive auto mounting as read only (errors=remount-ro)
Is it possible to integrate Apple iCloud services (e.g. contacts, calendars) with Fedora 20?
Why is vim not being opened in its own screen?
host only ip address: can it be 10.*.*.*?
Help with directory ownership/permissions for apache
Unable to reconnect to a WiFi network on Fedora 20?
What does ^@^@^@ mean in a text file?
tmux copy mode search highlight
What does the *.*;auth,authpriv.none -/var/log/syslog line mean in rsyslog config file?
No package community-mysql-devel available
Failed make when installing madplay source
Printing and deleting the first line of a file using `sed`
Why export TERM=ansi fixes terminal and shell emulation incompatibilities?
Why display is not resuming on key press or mouse activity after screen goes off?
How to re-archive Android backup tarball properly
Split shell output and convert to excel
Search next occurrence of pattern before and after a previously different matched pattern and extract everything in between to a different file
grep after find don't show file content
"Can't open display" when trying to start X program on a remote machine
dnf mentions excluded packages while they are not marked as excluded
Get SELinux permisison list associated with socket base
Is there a cross-platform "time units separation" standard?
Conditional replacement using sed?
Systemd unit fails to start after restart of server
Nginx Reverse proxy redirect only urls without .com in the ending
OS confusing eMMC device for SD card device - how to fix using udev
How to print output to look like stairs?
Filter script output during runtime
Interrupt child processes from bash script on Ctrl+C
Error unlocking a LUKS partition (failed to activate device:file exists)
Rsync protocol name full path, not a module
How can I turn the behavior of `gedit something & disown` into the default behavior when calling gedit from the command line?
GNU Screen: new window name change
Selecting files that start with $LETTER, or a letter later than $LETTER in the alphabet
Is it possible to find out what program or script created a given file?
Encrypt directory with GnuPG?
Automatically mount encrypted home folder on login
Simple terminal emulator that supports cut/paste with other programs?
How do idiomatic Unix programs detect what prefix they are installed under?
How to combine bash command grouping and pipe status
Is there any way to keep a command from being added to your history?
What happens when your password expires and you're using key authentication?
Redhat & GUI/GNOME Struggle?
How did I get the git commits to show up in autocomplete?
How to know the utilization of intel CPU and GPU in Linux?
GNU Parallel and sshpass with server list in a loop
Ignore specified absolute directories with tab completion?
How can I list all layouts and corresponding variants that don't use 3rd level symbols?
How to change the background color for exactly one line?
How to stop "tail -f" within a running script?
Reformat table - Number of digits
How to Install LDOM on Solaris 11?
Highlight Vim escape characters e.g. \n
Can I get just the list of network interfaces from ip?
Getting substrings in between delimiters multiple times from one string without looping
Shell Hangs After Running cd, ls, vim over ssh
qsub launch a job from node
Add space between files paths
How to restore GLIBCXX_3.4.20?
sed unterminated `s' command
PROMPT_DIRTRIM not working
Wacom Linux xsetwacom Attach Shell Script to Buttons
Bash - "/" is a directory
Moving VirtualBox disks to cloud services
How can I check if a dd disk image is consistent (i.e. not corrupt)
how to write own shell that works with ssh
Universal way to logout from terminal via dbus
Changing the color of only one directory in ls
Generating strings of words with space delimiters from cut statement
What is the difference between "tail -f" and "tail -F"?
Want to know space consuming by logs
How can I remove duplicate entries in linux log
Get only the size of a mounted filesystem
Outputting the results of a nested for loop to a file in bash
How do I add another boot entry into grub2?
How to fix Eclipse and Caja color in Linux Mint Mate?
Can you unwrap an image prepared for Uboot using mkimage?
Pass input file through pipe as argument?
accidentally deleted yum.repos.d/ fedora 24
Given a debian package name, how do I get a URL to the latest .deb URL?
VM and host time drift during suspend
MySQL root account without password?
In systemd, what starts units generated by generator?
Why does echo "a']" | grep -E "\'" not match?
How to replace a sequence of commands by a single command in linux?
Lexical analysis for assignment in a POSIX shell
more command displays how many lines at a time?
Role of the /usr/local directory in FreeBSD
Why are Environment Variables Not Set Gnome
Unix for loop not working
GRUB freezes after loading initrd unless exact steps are taken
cut the first and last element in CSV
How to permanently disable Ctrl-s in terminal?
Prevent systemd from logging status lines to a tty
Why use strongswan rather than native vpn support
Replace string in a file from bash script value
Unexpected less gzip compression with -9
find and replace full line in unix script
WGET Continue without --no-check-certificate
How to replace value for a given condition in specific column of file
Add more packages to the default installation with Linux Mint
Warnings when opening programs via Python subprocess calls
How do I insert a character at the beginning of each line of a paragraph that contains a string
Find and move directory to a new directory based on name
Synchronize the date and time on compute nodes
more command behavior
Memory buffer in a bash script
Test firefox in a loop
Questions about kernel releases
Where sysv-rc-conf gets information about daemons?
configure: error: C compiler cannot create executables
In VI how do I paste text into my file from a range of lines I have yanked?
Internet connection being lost after about 10 seconds
specify certificate of CA in Dovecot
Does cat never read from terminal?
Creating an alias for a bash script
"command | less" vs "less <(command)"
How do I run Linux on a MacBookPro(11,2) with more than one CPU?
Can I change uuid for network interface in ifcfg-eth* using uuidgen?
How to clear the input in Bash
Chromium doesn't display Flash in Debian Wheezy
How to set up networking on a per-user basis?
How can a permission a directory so that a user can list the contents, but cannot read them
Copy over existing files without confirmation?
How to set up a global interval between SSH log in attempts?
Arch Linux RPI: How accurate is the time on the RPi in Linux?
Maintain Xserver applications running even after closing the remote conecction
How to find Debian packages that would free up the most space
How to view files hidden by a mount on Debian 6
Spawn login prompt in an X terminal
bash script loses readonly value after first time thru loop
Specifying DNS settings to override those of DHCP
As what user does a command end up executing?
How to write a function in bash?
How to sort a collection of lines from different files?
Unzip all non-existing or older files from archive
Trap not trapping SIGTSTP
unable to create key file. ubuntu installation error
How to print a string at the end of line using awk?
How to draw a single pixel in a terminal?
How to make files inside TMPFS more likely to swap
Search for a string in a line and append related lines
dialog --inputbox
Valgrind /usr/lib files are not regular Linux files
suse cannot install software
Export from KWD (old KWord/KOffice document format) to anything else
Resources to learn linux architecture in detail?
How do I insert a space every four characters in a long line?
What tools to use to eliminate metadata in graphics files?
How to control the list of locales which are generated by APT?
Script for opening emacs in two different ways
Installation problem with python-software-properties
Preseed setting wrong partition size
Watchdog handler
How do you interact with a file named "!!"?
Linux lockfile starvation
Print a PDF with scaled content
View syscalls/kernel activity for I/O from a running process
How do I disable the creation of the rescue boot image on CentOS?
Find file by magic pattern maching
How to capture a keyboard shortcut
What are the pros and cons of ia32-libs?
start process (as root) upon user login
Exim4 DNS issues
installing kali linux on live usb
Fixing terrible performance when watching/reading video and writing video files to disk
alternative font display
One liner to ssh into a server, specifying an intermediary to tunnel through
occurrence of a string in multiple file
What is the difference between loop device and block device?
X will not start, Centos 7
How to get /dev/ttyUSB* to show up?
Does Gparted change permissions?
What does the `-C` flag exactly do in `scp`?
Uninitialized constant RUBY_PATCHLEVEL (NameError) while running Homebrew on linux
Why don't most common Linux package managers allow package installation for normal users?
How is install different from cp?
No folders in "/" on hard drive, mounts "/boot"
Storing command output into a Variable in Bash
CentOS 7.1.1503 Minimal cannot install Gnome Desktop via yum groupinstall "GNOME Desktop"
Is it possible, with `sed` or otherwise, to apply a regex transform to an input stream that may not contain newlines?
rsync selected subdirectories only
How to tell whether GNU make is being used in a makefile?
What is the order order-only prerequisites are processed in a GNU Make file?
Output file generated by tar
The arithmetic operations in bash date... ¿are reversed?
Bash: Rename file with prefix as suffix
CONFIG_NF_CONNTRACK is not set
What does [[ -t 1 ]] do?
SSD failiure. grub rescue sees files, but I can't mount drives
ls command lists hidden files
How can I use different kerberos principals for sudo than for system-auth?
How to drop packet if conntrack entry not present
stty doesn't display backward-delete-word shortcut
enabling and accessing multiple comports in RHEL 6.6
Nginx says open() "/etc/nginx/conf.d/foo.conf" failed (13: Permission denied)
How to pass variables to awk command with conditions?
Automounting of USB pendrives on Debian 8 not working
Find part of String and replace entire string in a file
Make multiboot USB containing Windows and Linux iso using a Linux PC
Urxvt: how to increase the amount of lines I can scroll back?
Defining shell variables
Can't enter in Ubuntu because fstab error
Array inside an Array: Different syntax for Array in bash
Why won't the for loop execute for more than 4 iterations?
find and replace a substring and change to uppercase
OpenSSH Server won't start on orangepi/linux
Installing Arch Linux on a preexisting partition
How to change relative symlinked path to "actual" one (in ranger or terminal)
How to use clipboard data in bash script?
RHEL 8 Deprecated Network Scripts
How can I stop ffmpeg from quitting when it reaches the end of a named pipe?
How to iconify Anaconda Navigator on the task bar?
Does sort --unique -k drop duplicates in original order?
web server is unreachable : Connection refused
Single "mkdir" command to make a new directory and change to that directory at the same time?
Read arguments separated by newline
How to escape wildcard in path when using sudo -u <username> command
What does <F6>q mean in ls command output?
killall for this terminal only
How could I debug sshd taking several minutes to start?
symbol lookup error gdbus
Get connected Wi-Fi network signal strength with nmcli
Bash script to read line and increment
what is the indications from smartctl that show bad status from disk
Multi-threading diff
syslog-ng modification issue for unix socket
Error configuring ufw - sudo ufw enable
fetchmail not honouring daemon time
I can't boot up a custom version of ubuntu from live-usb
Unable to restart networking on Debian with Systemd
Repairing python setup
strange results from investigating a reboot in auth.log
Regex search for word roots with common prefixes
Get value of environment variables in for-loop
Is there a way to colorize output per stream from a program
How to retrieve lost aliases?
Why am I getting DUP! reply when using ping -A
File handles and filenames
How to find which application is creating a particular file in a path?
Denied association (code=12) when connecting to 5GHz WLAN
Can't start VM with PXE "write error: no space left on device" and end up in dracut environment
Centos 7.6 onscreen keyboard is not shown for all applications
If e2fsck says output from a mounted file system isnt to be trusted, then how does systemd generate log messages from fs errors?
Networkmanager: apply property to ALL wireless connections for a particular interface
Debian stretch not getting package from stretch-backports
How to permanently fix a cd drive at a given location in winecfg
Force Ubuntu to use integrated graphics device for monitor
msgfmt not found though msgfmt is installed via package manager
where can I find the source code for tftp (Trivial File Transfer Protocol)?
How to match either `[` or `]` (brackets) with regular expression?
What happens whenever there is a segfault in linux
Setting Colors in ~/.bashrc [CentOS 7]
Want to replace the value of 4th column of data2.csv with the 4th column of other csv file data1.csv where 3rd and 4th column are same in both files
AWK command to display Header, Transform and Footer?
how do I find paraphraphs with forgotten punctuation
Remove deduplicates in a very large file()
Long Boot Time (SSD), black screen with blinking cursor, "gave up waiting on suspend/resume device"
How to reboot Windows 10 [UEFI] after Linux (Fedora 24) Legacy installation?
How to mitigate the multiple vulnerability : remote code execution and local privilege escalation on FreeBSD 11?
How to prevent Pulseaudio to crash when I start a virtual machine from VirtualBox?
subtract a line from a file to all the lines from another file
How to add a header to the output of an awk command afterwards?
How can I set what i3 returns as the window manager name?
What is the difference between primary partition and logical partition in Linux?
Why are AMD's graphics drivers not working?
Using grep and if statement in Shell Script
Where and how do I obtain and install certificates to a new installation of OpenSSL?
BTRFS suboptimal multi-disk allocation
How to remove all kde packages?
How to populate many config files with same value(s)
How to make a service that starts on boot in CentOS?
Compare columns of different files with different sizes and replace with NA non matching values
Set a host name alias in /etc/hosts?
Does hypercall take the same time as a linux system call?
Writing to a screen in Shell Script
Bash Script Problems
What's wrong with my regex?
Find number of elements in array that is referenced by a dynamically created name
How to join rows with single columns to a maximum of 4 columns in one row?
Profiling kmalloc usage
debian unstable crash
How to merge duplicate lines into one line separate by comma
CentOS 7 default extras repository doesn't contain any packages
ERROR: Bitbake couldn't find CMakelists.txt after extraction (Yocto)
Selectively copy from a collection of remote directories
Merge pdf files and automatically create a table of contents with each file as an entry
Change the order of lines in a file
Is it possible to create with FFMPEG a series of pictures with continuously shorter duration?
How to match a pattern in lines before another pattern match
How come when I change an ENV variable and echo it in the same command, I don't see the new value?
How to enable expiry date for passwords in pass?
Bash script to test if it's the first Monday of the month
Invalid arguments when mounting with MS_SHARED
Route traffic to particular interface for specific port
whonix qemu/kvm maximum memory usage
How to put telegram mtproto secret code in a file?
Implications of using a plain string command instead of a function in .bashrc (particularly for PROMPT_COMMAND and PS1)
Limit container resources both using --memory and --cgroup-parent
Can I extract an overwriting tar archive, while retaining the ownership of the original destination file(s)?
How do I use Crontab to open a file at Linux startup only on a specific date?
Libreoffice printer list adds entities that don't work. How to suppress?
parted command (start and end meaning)
Debian detects printer family, but no double sided printing; colors are inaccurate
How to sync between log files between linux and windows machines?
Encrypt a file on remote host
pkg-config poppler, gtk+3 compile & link error
Sysfs, HID device under virtual subsystem
nginx auth_request is ignored
.tar archive files EACH to its own directory?
Can sshd be configured to support multiple connections when running standalone?
Added command(s) to .bashrc, how to apply to users retroactively?
Run Debian System Faster then real time
Find and Replace Recursive in xml file for blank spaces in email address
how to rename a number of files using wildcard as prefix
How to replace a line by new values which are inputed by user
How do I pass a script argument to a pipelined argument?
DNS: a "short" query (UDP) does not return an address, but a "long" (ANY, TCP) query does
How to ban all connections to .se and .ru in the hosts.deny file
Hard disk Start and End Calculations (closed)
Slax 9: can't boot from FAT32 partition created via UNetBootIn because of UEFI on cheap laptop
Going over start of insert action in Z shell vi-mode
mount.nfs4: Protocol not supported
Convert date in bash shell
How to install python on chromeos terminal
Why is there a difference in the duration of command execution with different redirection methods?
Cannot ssh into VirtualBox CentOS 7 guest from Debian host
I copy my code from .ttf file to putty there is messy code
Semantics of various *nix command and option names
Why does this gawk coprocess hang?
Can't use alias in script, even if I define it just above!
Delete copied version of /proc folder in unix
Lines and symbols instead of letters ElementaryOS
Simplifying LDAP filter
"sudo crontab -e" does not show the cron job which I gave
wpa_supplicant/WiFi Direct: wpa_cli command p2p_find returns FAIL
Entering Unicode characters by name
How to read the current terminal content programmatically?
single command to sed and use input value twice in different form
Do I need an separate EFI partition for each OS sharing a common disk?
How can I run a command upon a systemd service unit being disabled?
Building debs for FreeRadius 3.0.15
Could someone explain me this perl script?
How to find similatrites between two files?
Copy directory structure with random number of files
exclude empty and hidden files when archiving
rpm --upgrade of the same package gives file conflicts
What is so important about gdbus and gdmain, that they are so frequently leaves in the process tree?
Crack zip file with parts of passwords known
Mint 18.1 Wired network not working
Cannot re-renable gnome extensions
Encrypted partition not accessible after resume
split a 60GB flat file with records occasionally spanning multiple lines
Anyone know where to change this "bufsize" value? ( st / mt LTO tape drives )
How does df know how much space is used without needing to go through all the files?
Linux boot process with systemd
How to add a public key into system keyring for kernel without recompile?
How to teach AppArmor about toplevel symlinks
How does fail2ban protect against DDoS?
DEB: multi-package, ignore installation of some files during packages building
How to allow systemd-resolved to listen to an interface other than loopback?
How to compare time in shell script?
pacman -Syyu error: could not import key from Trusted User
print to file only when a value on one line is immedately followed by another value bash
IF| ELSE condition to check if Oracle database query output shows any result or NULL
What is the best way of getting rid of a symbol (question mark) in hundreds of FLAC files
Make autorun Login Screen on a Flash Drive!
Join two files, keep key order of first file and fill missing values with string 'null'
CentOS 6 how to clear machine ID for a template?
How to find intermediates in symlink recursion?
Why are files listed alphabetically, ignoring file name length in the terminal?
Track memory allocations on Linux
How to detect USB insertion and log current user
How to open up a tcp server compatible with tcpgoon
Debian Desktop Environment in Installer
How does the "<( cmd )" pattern work in bash?
AWK Script to read some parameters from log file and Insert that data to Oracle DB table
Use reference to file instead of IP in /etc/hosts
How to stop a service before executing an ExecStart entry?
How to read screen's named pipe?
Really weird ```du``` behaivour
Why linux drop packets in netif_receive_skb?
How to restore the guest account in Ubuntu 18.04.1 LTS Bionic Beaver?
Sox stopped working
syslinux pxe boot reboots every few minutes
Is there a command to show tracepoints "live", which includes the PID?
How to use debuild hooks (--signing-hook-foo etc)
How many levels of indirection can I apply in Bash?
Is it possible to expect copies of files from ext4 to ntfs filesystems can work equally well as the original?
Can't load desktop environment with startx
Why are redirections not working following assignment?
bash regular expression point "." character not matching
Filter out random username after string
Use a command inside sed
du calculating whole directory size when we pipe the null input, how to stop it
sed error unterminated `s' command
Configure mount to recognize self compiled fuse exfat
'No space left on device' error thrown when generating large amount of files, but there is no clear limit being reached
How can I adapt this bash progress bar function for AIX ksh88?
Every docker image I make cannot bind to any port
SELinux demands constant relabeling
how to find duplicate field in over 100 files
(Ubuntu 18.04 LTS) Can't switch off Airplane mode with physical switch
Transfer files from Virtualbox guest to host in script with smbclient
Compare the numbers in text file, if meets the condition run a shell script
Determine the specific benefit of Writeback Throttling (CONFIG_WBT)
Unable to install openssl-libs
Finding modified files in realtime?
Different standards of ELF (SysV vs TIS) and Linux?
Search for exact string in column
How can I move a single partition to another empty drive?
Why is time formatting inconsistent between `date` and `thunderbird`?
How to write regexp literal in match expression?
iptables configuration CIDR notation
bash script not being run by cron
Why surt1000xli APC UPS recognised by NUT apcsmart driver as "old"?
Is it possible to see errors when executing a script inside a script?
How can I use the host's keyboard for a 'remote' SSH session from a tablet computer?
destroyed folder now without directory attribute
Extract text between three single quotes
Combining two scripts into one
How to quickly cd to a command's directory after used the 'which' or 'type'
resolv.conf - read-only filesystem
How do I remove newline character at the end of file?
Install Python package in linux OpenSUSe
Using sed instead of grep to output only matching part of line
What the long option " --debug" suppose to do in bash?
How can I add new user for GUI login?
logrotate works when run manually, doesn't when run with cron
dd count default
MBR size is 440 bytes or 512 bytes
FreeBSD: using python3 in uwsgi instead of python2
Is core dump generation an atomic operation?
No prompt on boot with full disk encryption enabled
Why can't I copy symbolic links?
Unmounted /boot, deleted from /etc/fstab, from where exactly GRUB take its settings?
i3 and vmware: How to detect resolution change and set current res to the new res change?
Intersperse lines from two files
Formatting an sdcard with mkfs hangs indefinitely
Printing out standard C/GCC predefined macros in terminal
How is running a script like an executable different from running it by a shell explicitly?
Search logs from the excel column
History of UNIX not including current directory in $PATH
Fedora 14 root missing capability
Strange screen ghosting issue with GNOME 3.8.4 on Fedora 19
How to install Ubuntu 13.10 Desktop in QEMU?
qemu emulator for raspberry
Issues with Fedora 20 and bumblebee
How are filesystem snapshots different from simply making a copy of the files?
Run the Zsh first use wizard
Installing MINIX3 on vmware
Is `who mom likes` a real linux command?
SD card reader not working on Elementary OS
How to create a gnu tarball that can be extracted by solaris tar
Difficulties to establish a ppp connection to a GSM provider
Codeswarm software project visualization: how do you set it up with opengl rendering on a contemporary 64bit Linux system?
How can I compile minix when I make changes in libraries
SSH connection timed out. it's not client or server...what now?
Mounting root filesystem while booting through network
How to send packets coming from a second router on a particular port back to the router, using iptables not a route
What is the difference between -m conntrack --ctstate and -m state --state
What do numbers in INPUT,FORWARD,OUTPUT chains mean in iptables config file?
How to persistently control maximum system resource consumption on Mac?
"Failed to build gem native extension" when installing xively-rb for raspberry Pi
Does cron impose some limitations to types of commands and privilege of execution?
Apache - Generate private key from an existing .crt file
tmux.conf: Prefix depends on whether session is remote
Unable to run a device in GenyMotion emulator
Broadcom or Modem wireless connection problem
Installing OpenMediaVault without keyboard and monitor
USB device to be detected at the "same" /dev point always?
File (products) of a kernel cross compilation
How to restrict directory name creation to pattern?
Java fails with “Could not find the main class”
How to force systemd enter in emergency mode?
Different behaviour of systemctl suspend when executed via i3 wm key binding
CentOS can't use new extented space on system disc
file corresponds to /proc/locks
Linux-AD Integration
Xephyr Resolution Issue
EDID - detect proper DPI and refresh rate values
How to make a NON-WRITABLE directory?
Two or more threads on single core
What exactly happens when I exec apt-get upgrade?
screenlog in multiple files
Google chrome and chromium black window
How to make an existing directory (and sub-directories) to be suddenly writable by ROOT ONLY?
How can I stop grep returning itself
Open Bacula Backup Files
OpenLDAP: Invalid syntax error when trying to add LDIF
Mysterious "unable to resolve host" in dead.letter
Threads vs interrupts
Terminal closing on using 'login' command
Show OSD notifications without installing libnotify-bin
Incorrect iperf configuration?
Jboss startup ownership issue
CentOS ELRepo Kernel installing VMware
How should I change root@mydomain when I send from mail() php function?
Is it possible for bash completion to cycle through the alternatives?
PinguyOS latest version - networking problem
Why does this keep wanting to install Java 7? I don't want Java 7, can I somehow stop it from attempting?
Resolve nested aliases to their source commands
Unable to connect to source.repository.backtrack-linux.org
Which command would you use if you want to remove the password assigned to a group
Fedora 27 new install doesn't bring login dialog
When is zswap used?
Should i configure port forwarding on my router to forward to port 22 of sftp? Will is be secure?
Compress swap pages written to disk
Get current zswap memory usage and statistics
E: Unable to locate package libboost / libxerces E: Package 'libzeroc-ice-java' has no installation candidate
Issues with hibernation
find pid of open tcp port, as a regular user
git: use visual diff (meld) only when in GUI
Android application compatibility
GNOME 3 "Always on top" keyboard shortcut not toggling off
Deleted my root account from /etc/passwd file for testing in Centos7.3
How to use linebreak in read -p command while using variables in prompt string
How to output in columns using Bash built-in `printf` where source contains colours?
Legal alternative to Kali Linux for forensics
Is there a difference between re0 and wlan0?
Fedora 27 sound output to a bluetooth device not working
Usage of Bang (!) in bash
How do I verify I am using 9.9.9.9 for DNS?
(Kali) Can't "make" for RTL8812AU
Creating a virtual wifi switch!
How to properly partition an SSD for a Dual Boot setup
my pendrive display in terminal sdb 8:16 1 14.5gb o disk, con't disply GUI mode and con't read and write
Linux 2.4.0 - How to Create a Root Filesystem for a diskless install
How to output 1-30 while searching file for those numbers and how many times they appear
Occasional screen flickering after full system update in Arch Linux/KDE Plasma 5
Linux Fedora Terminal
count country code in a file and save a file command or bash script
Why /etc/portage/package.use lines do not work installing Openshot?
Start c-program in background
Is there a way to add margin, border, offset or padding to the Linux frame buffer text console to compensate for HDMI overscan?
Trying to run an old version of RedHat
when does grep count and when does it not
I'm getting upper-level folder zipped along with content of the folder
Wifi stopped working without apparent reason
How can I programmatically access zsh completion?
SSH DNS lookup on local IP addresses
Can't run some Python programs after Debian upgrade
Substitute a column i text file with incrementing numbers
How do I get bc to start decimal fractions with a leading zero
Ubuntu Server 16.04 - OpenVPN seems not to start, no logs get written
how to force upgrade of coreutils on old distribution?
Automounting NTFS Hard drive in Centos 7
Running command on server, but have the server read/write local files
ssh gives an illegal user error
rsync initial sync
Where can I find firefox log file?
Using IPTables to block all connections but still be able to backup vServer
My script is reported as executing at the CRON log, but it is not listed at any user's crontab
USB 3.0 works always, USB 2.0 works sometimes
Username is not in the sudoers file. This incident will be reported
Android 4.0.3 on mini210s ts_config: No such device
Globally change terminal background in centos 7
How can I recreate removed LVM Logical Volumes?
Updating vim on remote host
How to access the contents of a file that is used as an argument when running a bash script?
AIX CPU usage - how to know how many CPUs running?
Start graphical user interface using startx and display manager
Understanding ssh X11 forwarding
How do I tell GCC and Clang to look at /usr/local/cuda for include/libs?
How can I get a list of login attempts with journalctl?
How to remove junk characters from the file generated by script command in linux
Netboot - How to set a static IP
xfs quota not reliable
Learning how to build my own linux kernel
Gnome update-notifier doesn't show updates when user not in sudo group (Debian Squeeze)
Multiline shell script comments - how does this work?
How do I shut down ports remotely without shutting myself out?
`$RANDOM` is not random within `find`'s `-exec`
How to install StackApplet on Fedora 16?
How does "Remote tab title format" in Konsole work?
How to install OpenSuse 11.4 through an ISO without burning it to a DVD?
Terminal - display too small to run menuconfig?
Arch Linux , mount disks with thunar , without password
Optimize command yum
How to set secure permissions for multiple users and multiple websites?
Emacs shortcuts in term mode
Should you run automatic updates
issues with GNU tail -f and combination of commands
VirtualBox guest using Bridged networking unable to obtain DHCP address
Is there a difference of stability between Linux distros?
Renaming files works, but soft links point to the old names. How can I fix that?
Sort fields inline
What is the utility of the : command in shell scripting, given that it explicitly does nothing?
Throttling web crawlers
Is there a way to get the filename (or title) of a completed print job?
Customize Emacs Ruby Mode for PuppetLabs conifguration
When using btrfs, why "Size", "Used" and "Avail" values from df do not match?
Linux Distribution for bioinformatics?
Suggest me a distro "beetwen debian and ubuntu"?
Is Oracle Linux feasible for a desktop?
Create Logical Volume Snapshot at boot and before mount
find usage - command line vs script
Using ACLs over read only/remote filesystem
What does ":>" do here?
In what order do piped commands run?
Failed to start Apache Server after configuring Client Authentication
Error after extending a disk partition on CentOS 7
What can I do to fix occasional lagging of terminal emulator?
Exit status of command in pipeline
How to restrict autocomplete for the files found from PATH?
install docker package on CentOS with kickstart and offline rpms
What are the differences/(dis)advantages of zenity vs notify-send?
virt-customize modifications not present in guest VM
Replace the last alphanumeric with a random char of same type
ssh config to "prepend" torsocks
Can same level runlevel scripts have the same priority?
Disable error: nouveau unknown i2c port and unknown status
Dual boot Linux partition scheme with encryption
What does su - `whoami` command do?
How to align columns of multiple lines at a fixed distance with vim
RAID-1 mirror has become a single hard disk
How to find out why my cron didn't run?
Indirection on a Bash array
Result of diff two files with switched lines says missing the same line twice
Print lines if given column starts with a capital letter
PCI-e SSD - Not visible to sysstat's iostat or sar
"Missing separate debuginfo for ..." when running gcore
How to stop gnome from forcing me to logoff / logout?
Could not commit to disk during OS Installation
Chown permission denied on owned dir
DirectX installed on Wine althought it doesn't work in games
How do I find seconds since midnight?
apt-get can't find the package on a old version of my distro
Can I use scrypt to hash for LUKS?
How to create GUIs (such as menuconfig) with lxdialog
Printing selective fields following 1st column instructions
How come zipping a created disk image, makes smaller files than piping?
copying parallel directories Why does cp -r work this way?
Start a unit after another unit goes inactive
Arrow key/Enter menu
Why is my /etc/apt/sources.list set to squeeze when I have debian wheezy?
Dmenu does not start some programms (e.g., emacs) -- is there a log file?
Docker - Force to Use AUFS Instead of BTRFS
Finding a file which created X minutes back (without GNU/BSD find)
gtk-window-decorator takes up too much memory, and is it safe to restart it?
How to alter a column in a row in a tab delimited text file if it's duplicated
%pre section of my.rpm is no longer executed on RHEL 6.7
log of open and close time of a program
What does armel stand for?
Run multiple applications in Wine
Extract Values from Formatted Text
What is yumdownloader default target folder?
How to sort data stream by 2 column names (column number may vary)?
split a string into path and application
Set awk array on command line?
Change User Permissions from windows to a shared folder by OpenIndiana
Embedded Linux- Cross compiling firefox for arm
Which library files are needed to run a binary with an alternate libc version?
yum installs an old version of cmake
Need some type of shortcut
How to make a USB storage device undetectable in u-boot?
Run a single command at the start of the machine
How to trace calls to library from library?
What is the difference between a linux package and a linux module?
Processing FreeBSD's PF logs with tcpdump/sed/awk
How to disable onboard (on-screen keyboard) that automatically starts when I log onto my system?
How to rotate video?
Unable to mount CDROM on Solaris 10
Number of files not containing given string
MAME saving but not restoring games
Why do DNS queries fail if the first nameserver is not recursive?
How can I find out if a relative symlink is internal to a certain subtree or not?
Automating startup tasks
validate all packages to be correct
Clear file system cache on AIX
how to check if the kernel support for ip alias?
Fedora make command broken, kernel mismatch
Locating files and displaying their owner
How to scroll to the bottom or to the beginning of a terminal session in xterm?
How to write log before instalation
Is it correct to set the $TERM variable manually?
How to migrate the content of one disk on a Raid5?
How to add pattern to bash completion (for unzip)?
I have an environment variable for LANG set in ~/.profile but it is not getting set
How to start a custom service
Install non-product version of Fedora from scratch?
Write to ext4 filesystem hang while lazyinit in background
How to use wget to download certain files from a certain directory when the directory itself does not have an index.html?
Get Moonlight working with Firefox
.xsession executed on login in Linux Mint Cinnamon
Redirection with nested commands
Creating and mounting a new file system on CentOS
cd to previous directory without echo of directory name
.bashrc custom secondary password and SCP is not working, (SSH secondary password)
Where does Linux store Wifi passwords?
How to bind arduino as a fix block-device --- /dev/ttyACM0?
iscsi won't start at boot
What connection should I enter for USB printer? (HPLIP)
Command prompt (PS1) including the number of files in directory (both hidden and regular entries)
Mount of NAS affects date / time modified during copy
Recover hard disk file from corrupted one
How remap my CapsLock key to work as if it was a Return key using setxkbmap?
Separating SAS from SATA drives
How can I find figure out why a machine has consistently 70%+ CPU usage?
How to count files between two time stamps
When I use zip, how can I display the overall progress without flooding the command line?
Ubuntu/Mint (trusty) : Wifi keeps shutting down
How to remove all CRLF in file (not replace with LF)
Permission 0000 in /var/www/html through the sFTP
csh: Get rid of job+PID when forking
How could this happen: Secure boot on my UEFI seems to work for Ubuntu but not Fedora or Debian?
How do I resize a windows partition without using gparted?
Is there a download manager which can retrieve automatically an URL from a RSS feed?
Is it possible to add a function within a function?
Different output of lsof variant
Start server after stuck at GRUB
Merge two csvfiles by column header
Decompile / Run MIPS executable under x86_64 Ubuntu
Are files opened by processes loaded into RAM?
Installing GRUB to encrypted partition doesn't work if (root) is F2FS
Adding keyboard layout in Linux Mint
Accessing metasploit sessions remotely
How to evaluate concatenated string involving math in bash script
Find files in the order of timestamp
LVM RAID 5 not resulting in logical volume size expected
How to make C-[ generate a given control sequence?
Lubuntu cronjob; cannot run additional scripts or see routes
Why doesn't bash expand this variable when I prefix a command with a "one time variable assignment"
Size difference copying from NFTS to HFS+
My Linux system has a removable device which cannot be mounted
Ubuntu/GlusterFS: Unable to create thinly provisioned volume from previously created pool using lvcreate
Limiting concurrent connections from a particular host to a particular host on a particular port?
Existing lock /var/run/yum.pid: another copy is running as pid 2287
Ni usb gpib issue
Can't start applications due to "Maximum number of clients reached" error
Taking register value and using it later as variable
utmp, wtmp and btmp: what is the 'tmp'
cp from different directory to one directory certain files
Change kernel command line parameters for the next boot on OpenWRT
How to extract data from XML File
When is an usb device mounted as sdb and when as sdc?
systemd timer starts immediately
Need to pass arguments in adcfgclone.pl script
Open URL in new firefox window not tab in a bash script
How to retrieve host ip from nat virtualbox guest?
Should I use legacy BIOS for Debian or get a new mainboard?
Automation of Oracle XE installation with ansible and vagrant - Oracle environment variables not correctly visible?
System claims my USB is mounted when I insert it and I cannot (un)mount it. How do I fix this?
How to use yaourt on arch linux under proxy?
How do I run X11 applications over ssh from a Gentoo server that does not have a GUI installed (with minimal added software)?
After switching to Devuan, how do I remove systemd?
Bash script function that changes the value of a variable
Detect when sdcard removed
In the terminology terminal, how do I change it's login shell?
Calculate Out data Kb/s for specific PID
Where can I find gtkglextmm for centos 6?
Vagrant + CentOS 7 - Apache fails to start, I don't see an error
Delete Huge file in linux
Command Run Differently Depending on How Logged In?
Is there a key binding to switch to "last" workspace in mint 17.2?
Postfix - domainkeys=neutral (no sig)
httpd - Redirect all 404 to specific page
Which distro to switch to (laptop)
Can't find eth0 in my ifconfig output
How to copy files to the timestamp generated directory?
keyboard layout switching - non-working hotkeys in cyrillic layout
Grep /var/log/maillog for email to a certain user, based only on his linux username
Can't setup mount of EncFS on user login
changing file premissions doesn't work
awk comparison using arrays
How to install the Windows 7 look on Zorin OS, Ubuntu Based Distro
Turn off the backlight of an external monitor
Pipe a .BIN file into XModem transfer
Elegant Way To Store Dotfiles on GitHub
How to scan for wireless networks fast
Expanding {a..d} to a b c d in zsh
Vintage terminal for Ubuntu
Can't use my old my.cnf from MySQL 5.5.38 in newer 5.6.19
public key authentication without authorized_keys file
Run at command in two minutes time
Difference between 'sync' and 'async' mount options
What filesystem should I choose for an SSD?
Reassemble mdadm-raid5
In tmux session, cannot connect to X server after ssh'ing
-bash: /dev/null: Permission denied
accessing Maildir locally with Mutt and remotely over IMAP simultaneously
How to use pv with dd?
Search a pattern and print preceding lines starting with another pattern
logging session with 'script' - how later read it?
Proper way to distribute shell scripts
Change packages from country local to global
Change IP address of a Virtual Machine running linux ubuntu on windows 8?
Install Debian on ONE partition
Configuring Linux Second Monitor
Copy a file and overwrite the existing file
Changing the date format of auth.log
Meaning of backslash
How do you patch a kernel?
How to fix "cannot retrieve repository metadata" when installing CentOS 6.5 from Kickstart over FTP?
Does ~ always equal $HOME
Remount an SSHFS mount without umounting it
Running a shell script with vagrant provision
How to disable local file writes?
How best to start my systemd service to run multiple apps
How should I proceed in upgrading server packages?
awk command to add header, footer along with fixed length file
How can I convert all bin-cue files to iso in a folder with bchunk respecting its filenames? (PSX mode)
How to include date+time when directing systemd StandardOutput to a file
grep or awk to extact xml from log based on search string
How to replace a particular text in a block of text with a values from another file?
Set and unset windows proxy with script
How to check the available space on the hard disk each day and if it is lower than 1GO remove files
How to install Debian From Live Cd
Joining all matches of a group in VIM
Which package contains the functionality of gnome to configure thunderbolt through the gnome control center under ArchLinux?
Should my /usr/local/bin be 700 permissions?
Aptitude - uninstalling autoinstalled packages that are recommended by other packages
Debian 6 VM server - network connectivity problem
The other users: avahi, root, syslog, messagebus,, nobody, ntp, rtkit and whoopsie
Does LAMP Stack have a GUI?
How can I give a permssion to all users for a path using the octal notation?
Is it possible to start administering a linux box via Ansible with just the root account and its password?
Understanding a XINU system call - getstk.c
Virtualbox kernel modules not loading at boot
Firefox error message when adding client certificate signed by CA
Do I need acpid in a virtual machine?
In what situations would a user not let the shell record his command into history?
Why is my Yellow Dog keyboard layout wrong?
Ubuntu : after upgrade, wire network is unstable
Custom access/launcher
How do I mount a Windows folder with cifs on Raspbian
Very strange behavior with grep and IFS
How do I mount a CloneCD .img file?
Bash : command line with optional arguments
How to Reset/Cycle Power to a PCIe Device?
Question About Bootloader Partition (Mint)
How do I install packages permanently on my Beagleboard?
Add a file to a different path in a zip file
Reading encrypted partition with broken LVM2 inside?
file type determine
telling network manager to temporarily ignore a network device
Getting error whenever trying to add a repository
Redirecting Multiple Commands as Input
Passing multiple directories to the -prune option in find
Reorder items in an XFCE4 menu
OpenBSD 5.2 and Intel GMA X4500: How to get the X Window System to work
Configuring Apache to Require a Client Certificate
Ubuntu: wire network is not stable and must restart network-manager periodcally
Choppy sound with flashpayer
Why isn't Linux embraced as the official GNU kernel?
how does a gpiochipNN is selected or set in gpiolib kernel?
Is there a command to start Nemo file manager and search for files?
Destination Host Unreachable using 2 NIC Centos 7
Python reinstal error Debian 9
wifi interface: unavailable "Realtek RTL8723BE" | Debian 10
Can I make a laptop access the Internet via another laptop?
ssh not allowing passwordless login
Why doesn't `find / -name my_filename` display all existing occurences?
How to fetch the source for gcc-arm-linux-gnueabi?
setup consistent tunnel between two hosts wirh dynamic IPs
Arch Linux automatically connects to open wifi networks
Why some file headers have a magic number
Real users (users with a valid login shell)
Ping responses missing but can see them in tcpdump
Resolve relative path without resolving symbolic links in bash
Removing unseen junk characters from the file in unix
Does w3m support input type="file" form fields?
Why doesn't the keyring used by XFCE migrate to i3?
SSH to multiple servers [Access denied]
bc scale: How to avoid rounding? (Calculate small binomial probability)
How to run a specific test from OpenSSL test suite?
how to disable access time settings in Debian linux
How to close epiphany through a script with cron?
Print the values from files
How to print the name of missing files in a folder?
OpenSuse installer crashes on Dell XPS13
traffic routing with DNS
Binding mouse buttons in tmux
Why does ln -s accept a single argument
Unix equivalent of smart folders
Add list of numbers like an accountant
How to back up a MBR
Linux Mint on USB - mtab is a folder, not a file
Copy vim selected text to system clipboard
Tap interface is not receiving packets
Host part of DHCPv6-assigned router address
Delete the token before the cursor
Why don't we include File System drivers in the kernel itself instead of using Initrd/Initramfs
How to make Dropbox keep the credential on Kali Rolling persistence Luke encrypted?
Enable SSL on Ubuntu
Opening an executable via GUI does nothing although opening it via terminal works
Can't add program to favorites in Debian Jessie
command difference in Solaris and linux shell
Why can linux not see usb devices present on startup?
How can I make xrandr modifications persist for more than 1 second?
Garbled font on tty1 (but not tty2-6) after booting
Print lines containing at least all vowels in any order but no consecutives
How to store dconf from VirtualBox in a host Windows folder?
how to get the standard output from command in variable
OpenBSD Remote Desktop
How to use "cat" command on "find" command's output?
Recursively move files with different names and different extensions
What ${var/a/b/\c} means?
Some errors are not logged, after redirecting both stderr and stdout to a file
Does the untarred folder overwrites or appends the contents of the original folder?
bash-like last command in history using up-down arrow keys in zsh
How do I rename files using the directory name?
Failing to build nvidia kmod : mockbuild does not exist
Window manager with wayland?
Packaging only a certain subset of built files
how do you find all files and directories without sticky bit?
What is the difference between Docker, LXD, and LXC
List the GPU utilizations for each screen
After login Ncmpcpp shows empty library, have to restart mpd service manually
How to implement "generators" like $RANDOM?
Yum still looking for an old proxy
Qemu curses interface dimensions
Building python with openssl support
Updating a git variable in the Shell prompt on every command
Why doesn't Linux allow user-level network port permissions?
Perfectly pixelmapped fonts in Emacs
How can I rotate my display using some GUI tool, in LXDE?
What is the purpose of the uucico shell on HP-UX, Solaris, and possibly other Unix varieties?
Resizing directories
Removing the last n characters from every line in an emacs buffer
How to prepare a new MicroSDXC card for use with Android?
How do I impersonate a windows domain account user from a linux process?
Gentoo Linux portage USE flags: what is the difference between removing a default vs. not having a default, how do the defaults compare, no-multilib?
No output using parallel in tandem with ag or ack
Elementary OS is overheating my laptop. why? How to fix it?
**/ not working with a mounted volume
Send email written in markdown using mutt
"Last" command: How to show latest user login?
Unwanted 32 bits audio sample type with default codecs
Easy way to paste command line output to paste bin services?
VFS: Cannot open root device “nfs” or unknown-block(0,255)
How to turn off/speed up desktop switching in Ubuntu 13.10?
Show a sliding window of output from a program
How do daemons work?
How do I select all the hidden files in the console?
Interpreting output of dmesg and /var/log/boot.log
Unable to change permissions of file system root
fdisk. What does the "free" partition mean?
linux + how to ignore (filter) file with space
What does the command "chattr +c /some/dir/" do?
How can I use SED or AWK to replace placeholders in a template file with variable content that contains special characters?
Sun type 5 keyboard via serial port replicator
Linux:How to tweak TSO and GSO from proc window / sysctl
How to map Caps Lock as the compose key using Xmodmap portably and idempotently?
Wget out of memory error kills process
How to wield update-alternatives properly?
Linux page cache consistency
Creating directory in bulk using mkdir in shell script
Dpkg can't load '/usr/lib/arm-linux-gnueabihf/perl/5.28/auto/Fcntl/Fcntl.so'
Manjaro self suspends after suspend
How to keep a reference to a systemd unit without enabling
How to calculate max and min for each unique entry
How can Python consume a quoted argument from a shell variable?
Black screen after splash screen
call less +&/pattern from bash to start less in grep mode (escape &)
SSH Logins failing for all users, even when using correct password. Can only connect via console using root
dns problem; dig, nslookup work. ping, browser doesn't
prevent single quotes in bash script
Change Ssh Port From 22 to 2222 on Debian 10 "Buster"
How to resolve ld-elf.so.1: /bin/sh: Undefined symbol "stat@FBSD_1.5" enter full pathname of shell or return for /bin/sh:
Replace character ý to \n
Edit first column of csv with sed or awk in bash
How to change a file in-place with data from stdin in bash/awk/sed
Problem after autoremove and autoclean
Forcing permissions for new files/folders in a subdirectory
SSH Fails at "kex_exchange_identification"
How do you print the entire contents of a variable with multiple words?
Create Unicode Login In *Unix
SparcStation 10: What do the parts of "boot /iommu/sbus/espdma@f,400000/esp@f,800000/sd@3,0" mean?
Error at every shutdown with Linux mint and MSI gaming laptop
Updating Software on Debian to non packaged version
remove devices and software raid1
How to install Debian 10 (Buster) in English language but with German locales?
Find command, -exec tail and file browser
Can't delete persistent silly file
How to sed only that lines that contains given string?
Xen domU fails to start with kernel panic
Terminal logging via putty on AIX (including smitty)
Kernel 3.3.2-6.fc16.x86_64 broadcom wireless not appearing
Determine current shell name
How can one switch to ttyX in virtualbox?
vsftpd fails pam authentication
Personal Drawing Board
How to install daemontools on ubuntu or debian from source
Qt based apps have wrong encoding?
Fresh Linux (Debian and CentOS) installation will not boot
xfce4 netload plugin, monitor on all interfaces?
dd copies more data than exists in .img?
amd64 or i386? VirtualBox can't start client VM
Edit and recompile individual program
sda and sdb block specials point to same device and get mixed up (hardware RAID doesn't work after new installation of 12.04)
How to configure a filesystem+LVM for effective usage of SSD?
Archlinux: modprobe: invalid option -- 'l'
Finding program name by wildcard pattern
Why does tapping a TTY device only capture every other character?
Bodhi Linux - Hanging on Install
Where to search for the core file generated by the crash of a linux application?
Is there on Ubuntu a best way to execute a program than terminal command "./"
Sporadic connection errors ssh_exchange_identification: Connection closed by remote host
Diff between (x=100) and { x=100; }?
How to represent date format in '2015120' in Linux shell?
How can I make my primary DNS take priority over other servers?
Linux Deepin language switcher - making it smoother like in Ubuntu
Trouble installing <distro> onto correct partition for a dual boot
Why doesn't `getfattr -d` show anything?
How to setup reverse FTP in RHEL?
Scaling the desktop - kde
Remove nouveau driver (nvidia) without rebooting
GRUB Boot Loader set timeout=0, how to get the boot menu?
Unable to switch to Dvorak layout
News-Window (Browser or RSS) in Kiosk Mode
How to enable Plasma/KDE automatic restart upon freeze?
Linux kernel crash: How to gather information?
How to defend against a Live USB computer hack
How to do doxygen documentation?
How do I find a file name that's exactly 8 levels deep?
adjusting keyboard sensitivity with kbdrate
I recently cloned my drive, while booting I have to wait at this screen which has a number of error messages
Should /usr owner be root?
Vlan not connected to one network virtual machine to another network virtual machine
mounting a SD card without a partition
Terminal does not open under dwm -- is there an error log file?
Assigning a global hotkey to a functionality of an appilcation in KDE
Does Posix require any devices?
MYSQL : Connecting to mysql from : 127.0.0.1 + telling ip tables to allow only 127.0.0.1 for mysql port : Logic vs Common Sense
Make some fields required in dialog
processing multiple extensions
Record from the microphone indefinitely
What do you do when you try to sudo and root's PATH has gone kerblooey?
grep substring between quotes
Forward SIGTERM to child in Bash
How root can make sure that this time sudo will not prompt for password a specific user?
Count files in a directory by extension
Volume too quiet at maximum
Ctrl-R style interactive search in custom file
why bash increment: `n=0;((n++));` return error?
VPS SSH and my OWN IP
Typing punctuation adds an accent to the preceding letter after my laptop is docked for a few minutes
Linux Mint brightness has too few settings
Is GRUB the best bootloading solution? Is there an easier alternative?
Command ls | grep showing only directories ( when it should also show files)
Arch Linux with PCI Passthrough freezes on boot after upgrade
What is the recommending interface to a utility that requires many parameters?
ps -vxa doesn't sort regarding to memory
intersection beween 2 files (values in file 1 which fall in range of values in file 2)
remove number of duplicated lines based on match before first comma
Kernel panic: unable to mount root fs on an unknown block
gpg —list-keys command outputs uid [ unknown ] after importing private key onto a clean install
MySQL on Western Digital NAS
Mysterious disk space issue with rsync
csplit not recognizing provided regexp
ssh server : control ssh-key protection with password
How to find specific file types and tar them?
read file containing Hex values and process it
how do multiple raspberry pi node talk to each other if I connect two raspberry pi nodes two a switch?
On Gentoo, how can one connect to the WiFi from the command-line without the NetworkManager daemon running?
Does running "exec echo some; echo test" in bash never print "some test"?
How to install emacs 24.5 on linux mint
Newline ("\n") before output in bash
Pairing Bose QC 35 over Bluetooth on Fedora
ifconfig down using ifconfig output
Install Network-manager-applet (tray-icon) on Arch Linux GNOME 3.20
$* variable of zsh function leads to unexpected results
How to use local shared library while compiling the FOSS project?
Better way to apply formula to specific column of inputfile, and pass-through all other columns as-is
What does it mean "Everything in the Linux is file"
How to delete current line in GNU-screen (bash equivalent of Ctrl-K)?
Can I VNC directly into my "Linux Deploy" from OS X?
How to stop displaying error logs from the terminal in linux?
Is my server still using a grub-legacy (GRUB 1) MBR?
Quoting / escaping / expansion issue in "command in a variable"
Count new lines in file last 1 minute
How do I use yes with e2fsck?
Installing vlc on rhel6
Replace some text with sed
Two operations with sed on the same pattern
Sending mail from multiple e-mail accounts(for different domains) using ssmtp
Chrome too many files open / crash / Sorry Jim
Why arent the USB ports working on my install of centOS 5.10?
Multiple File Redirection with awk and find
Chrome - Gdk: gdk_window_set_user_time called on non-toplevel
Cannot install Sybase ASE on IBM AIX as root
Duplicate UUID's for Physical Volumes But PV's aren't in a Volume Group
Can a signal in one thread, interrupt sleep period of another thread of the same process in linux
Create dualboot from existing Windows and Linux
Unable to block packets to Guest OS with iptables
concatenate netcdf variables using indexes from a text file
How to copy a file in a particular directory without knowing the end name, from a docker container (glob not working)
ssh on remote host but switch user on local host running as root
Scrolling down a whole page in Zathura
SSH bruteforce attempts from my pc
Does GDB keep a history of previous call stacks?
How can I run multiple instances of a wine program?
Tix package (.deb) installed, Tcl doesn't see it
How to compress a directory into a tar without metadata header in the files?
Copy previous line to current line from text file
File Descriptors and Redirection
Get Next working day using variable
wc behaves differently on Unix and Linux
Red Hat 7 NOPASSWD for a specific script
How to send CTRL+c special char to interactive bash over tcp socket?
Enable NetworkManager for Ethernet interface in Kickstart
script to automate luksHeaderBackup for multiple partitions
Shell parallel processing: appending values
KDE5 Resolution always crashed after resume from suspend
How much space does it require to install php, mysql and phpmyadmin on CentOS 7?
why does exec env -i /bin/bash in .bash_profile go to background and exit when logging in via su - on arch?
Two words with different last letter (Arabic)
Is there a way to sync all devices on a wifi network?
Can't get pop down menus to do anything in KDE/QT application GUIs in Ubuntu (Gnome session)
DNS queries not using nscd for caching
Problem with xmobar
How to change Fedora 14 dual-monitor default behavior (No clone)
What is yum equivalent of 'apt-get update'?
How to access network without NetworkManager?
How come I don't have package updates in Fedora?
Are there any apps that will post to multiple social networking accounts at once?
Multiple-boot from ISO files does not show OS menu
How to check available package versions in rpm systems?
How to generate a report summary of messages that triggered a specific DSN code
How to re-load all running applications from swap space into RAM?
How to make startx use alternate xinitrc?
How do I reimage OpenWRT?
Open Source router firmware options?
Can't shutdown mandriva 2010.2
On-the-fly monitoring HTTP requests on a network interface?
Check package version using apt-get/aptitude?
Do I need pata_atiixp or ata_generic kernel modules on a SATA only system?
Diacritics do not work in GTK+ applications running on Mac OS X Snow Leopard
Straightforward Linux Clustering
Sharing Mac Snow Leopard directory via NFS
How do I read from /proc/$pid/mem under Linux?
Ideal Hardware for GNU/Linux Laptop
Cannot compare Strings
echo names and number of lines for each file in a directory
Does the Bash star * wildcard always produce an (ascending) sorted list?
How to split a filename at a specified delimiter
Why is the partition vendor reported as "Windows" on a Linux machine
Extract value from FILENAME in awk and use it as a new field
arp_cache option explain
Rsync unexpectedly closed
Sorting a list by column
How to print back the correct delimiter when using a regex expression as delimiter?
Explanation of `sed` usage in specific shell script
kernel module: set executable bit? compress with xz?
How to "unmask" bootlogd.service
Bluetooth auto connect shows no output device
bzip2: Check file's decompressed size without actually decompressing it
Should I disable secure boot to install arch linux
How can I make a LAN with a wifi adapter in linux?
Skip prompt when installing samba
Directing a microphone to a virtual microphone
How do I add a custom option to an xfce4 menu item?
How to format a curl command for a special task?
Where can I find the historical source code of the Linux sources
Configuring networked printer to archive print jobs
How much can the space allocated for an LVM snapshot be reduced?
Enabling apt repository priority in LMDE
32 or 64 bit class file
Is there a global grep.conf in Unix/Linux?
How to configure CentOS 6 as a Proxy Server
Configuring network settings manually in Qubes OS
Is there a reverse of yank-last-arg/insert-last-argument?
recover mysql databases after reinstall debian
Linux workstations intermittently lose internet connections
How to install tarball packages on a Debian based distribution?
Any tool for inspecting GTK3 elements?
Delete files of certain size range
Can a linux user change their password without knowing the current password?
is it safe to backup ext4 partition with partimage , which is detected as a ext3 partition
Can I disable dead keys for a single application?
How to run mutt via ssh without going through an interactive shell
Fdisk partition alignment, NAND, not showing specified heads
Escape text for further passing to zenity
"Remote function call interrupts" (CAL in /proc interrupts). What is it?
How can I force a tap/tun interface into the running state?
Order of redirections
Cannot make vlc from source: libssh error
Can I create, set permissions, and write to a file with a single Unix command?
watch command smallest -n interval
How to get asked for SSH key passphrase once and only when needed?
What files need to be deleted before duplicating a VM?
Why pressing Ctrl-h in xterm + tmux sends "^?"?
Is it possible to mount a subdirectory in ftp server via curlftpfs
chromium compiled for ARM, libattr.so.1 not found
Split the files on a directory and move them to another newly created directory
difference between "ip link set" and "disconnect / reconnect" in the GUI?
Linux SMTP Server For Java Application
OpenBSD 5.6 / fvwm2 / xterm missing UTF-8 support
How to put dracut to initframs?
Every time I run tmux, new ssh-agent child process is started (zshell)
Cron Job Not Running
How to make $@ start one iteration ahead
Need to reinstall GRUB2, but it requires me to boot into unbootable system!
Compare two Arrays in KSH and output the difference
How to append word count of file to file without adding the total
Can't boot into slackware installer
Installing older versions of python packages with apt-get (specifically wxpython)
ps shows my mkdir command with a space where I had a slash
Mount point for specific USB port
How to create extended partition in Ubuntu
Why can spaces between options and parameters be omitted?
How can I get a translated string from Google Translate with curl etc?
How to compare two variables containing ipv6 addresses?
Limit the number of mod_mono_server4 process instances to match the number of Apache server processes started up at Ubuntu 16.04 reboot timee?
login loop after editing /etc/profile and /etc/login.defs
Verify disk integrity without reading data?
How to listen to a daemon output?
copy freebsd src using sysinstall
ftp and rsync upload speed limited
Automate environment preparation for password less ssh
Set PS1 based on the number of jobs
Internet connectivity lost every 10-15 minutes (ethernet cable)
Get the filename after find -name | xargs
Redhat Linux - Disk configuration
How can I preserve Windows file attributes when copying files under Linux?
How to download 3rd party rpm packages with all the dependencies for offline installation?
Does systemd-logind must be running in docker container?
How process (user1) can write log to directory (root)
How to prevent high cpu usage by xorg when using multiple keyboards the same time
How to get `wget` to use GET method to retrieve page requisites?
Can wget *print* the page dependencies URLs?
timeout causes while read loop to end when `cat` is timed out
How to upgrade sudo from 1.8.19p1-1 to 1.8.19p1-2 on debian Stretch to avoid the "	Potential overwrite of arbitrary files" flaw?
Execute commands as another user
How to launch jenkins?
Configuring ClusterSSH to Use Freetype Fonts
SSH connection to Raspberry Pi: Connection refused
sed code understanding for text processing
Grep for a specific element
Modify records in fixed-width files
How to save R stargazer(data.frame) output in .tex document?
Remove specific column if exists in CSV file
While stop working active mode FTP after change server port
custom script for sysv init to systemd conversion
Can't load Ubuntu: Superblock checksum does not match superblock while trying to open /dev/sda7
Proper way to create "persistent" RAM fs
How to determine apk package name from search results
How to elaborate multiple selected files by drag & drop in a bash script
Setting Bash variable with osascript always incorrect.
Cannot write to/ cannot create directory (Read-only file system)
Crawl Website With Wget With Filter by URL Patterns
How to decompress only a portion of a file?
How to find process doing very high io read (without iotop)
Nested If Statements in Shell Script
How can I make it so that all new users created in the future will have a specific file copied?
monitor iops sizes
ArchLinux installation - error while formatting filesystem partition
Are there any performance benefits of building kernel as 64 bit even though the user space in 32 bit?
Remove spaces except lines beginning with a specific pattern
libssl error after upgrading Mongo
Create Encrypted USB Storage
Whenever ansible makes changes to sshd in CentOS7 a random future play cannot connect
Fedora VMs: nslookup works, ping does not when disconnected from Internet
Why is wlan0 gone?
How to maintain the ownership of a file after editing?
uCLinux (linux 4.9 nommu) VFS: Cannot open root device "(null)"
burning webvtt subtitles to mp4 video
Guest-agent vs Spice agent
How to connect to a xserver from my system-wide terminal?
Check if zshrc is being ran/sourced
SSH Shell via SSH Proxy
Pattern matching find equal or less than using regular expression in awk
is this possible to uninstall rpm package in only one command from list>> grep >> uninstall?
Use parallel to split many directories into subdirectories or parallelize this task
If there is an internal command and an external command (program) of the same name, which one will be executed by default?
Why is the ssh utility considered a pty?
.bashrc cannot be sourced, how can I debug?
What 802.11ac (or later) WiFi dongles work with Linux 4.13 kernel
Wildcard not being interpreted in if statement
ssh-copy-id but reverse
Prevent zram LRU inversion with zswap and max_pool_percent = 100
Error: GOPATH not set
perl: Replace string in file with double quotes
Can not see windows share list in linux
Is there a hook to determine core file generation finished
PDOException: SQLSTATE[HY000]: General error: 23 Out of resources when opening file xxxx.MYD' (Errcode: 24)
Umount command unmount two mount points
Netcat server/client for a social thread
Who stores copy/paste buffers in X11?
Process tree using fork()
using left mouse button to move window can cause freeze (XFCE4/Ubuntu 15.10)
determine the actual memory usage of several processes that share a large memory segment
Minimal BASH like line editing is supported. Boot error on Fedora
How can I run this python script on all html files under a directory?
linux - disable all video output
awk for loop with leading zeros in variable
Upgrading from Python to 2.7.10 to 2.7.11 on OSX
dynamic case statement creation
Not able to see the backed up file in the backed up media
Find all git repos that do not contain any one of .gitignore and .gitattributes
Used dd on a pen drive (wrote Arch to it with Rufus) and now it's invisible
Internet connection problem with web browsers only
FreeNAS zpool not found
Is there any backward compatibility of -p (--path) option in user/group commands?
Why does running sudo cp show two processes
Wine can not handle system fonts
Windows won't boot from hd1
How to advertise a service on a port
Music players that have 'Open CD' option and that show tracks' titles?
What does [[.ch.]] mean in a regex?
Why BitchX is called BitchX?
visit all directories under version control
Debian - auth.log missing from /var/log
Crontab change MAILTO for only one specific job in Root's crontab
invisible bridged router with 2 route table
Permission denied NetApp export share
Understanding echo/spawn/send/expect construct
What harm does a leap second cause on a Unix system?
Why doesn't MongoDB's debian jessie package install an init.d script?
How to list the open file descriptors (and the files they refer to) in my current bash session
IFS splitting issue
tar: compress text stdin and stdout
read command with ??? input
Pam.d three files lightdm, lightdm-greater, lightdm-auth
Cannot connect with rdesktop, but can with remmina
Do the number of the arguments converted from the stdin have to be the same as the number of placeholders in the command?
How can I find what password store Chromium's password manager is using?
How does sponge (from moreutils) work?
What are the various levels in ssh -vvv: debug1, debug2, debug3
mod_authnz_ldap - using AuthLDAPInitialBindAsUser encountering obscure "internal error"
What is happening in these MULTIOS redirections?
What is causing my EFI partition to become corrupt when booting CentOS after installation?
Mint "cow format specified as overlayfs and no support found" error
What is the end of here string?
rm to remove a dir, any symlinks, AND symlink destinations?
Using Anaconda Python and Atom Platformio Ide Terminal
Unknowingly ran an infinite loop in terminal
Tunneling TCP via ICMP slowness
stdin to veracrypt in server bash script when accessed via ssh with and without x11 forwarding
entr: recognition of new files recursively
`systemctl status atop` shows it has failed, but there is no error message
If line contains pattern, print variable to column
Local hostnames not resolved after a VPN connection is established
OpenVPN doesn't seem to run: active (exited), code=exited, status=0/SUCCESS
How to recusively download RPMs and dependencies as a user
Using Heredoc in a Makefile. Is it Possible?
numerous errors at shutdown
connect to two separate LANs with a single interface
Connected but no internet after installing connman
find lines longer than X in JSON and delete the whole object
How to grep the braces '{'?
newly created directories should be executable by default
Strings replace in bash using multiple lines pattern
How to mount and de-encrypt a LUKS encrypted partition to recover files
SSH server rejected X11 forwarding request
how to compile Kernel GNU / linux Slackware & Slax
When the user of a shell is `root`, does running `su` on another user name ask for password of the other user?
Why can `root` run any command as any user without providing password?
How to set default gateway after boot
How to safely remove old kernels headers and libraries
How to keep one file extension and remove others?
Possible missing firmware update in debian 9.4
How to compare a part of string numerically then output the matched line?
CoreOS: Run a custom script, only once, at boot time
ionice every imap process automatically
Is there a tool to see all of my shortcut interpretation levels?
Installing a fresh OS on an old /home
Find modified files between 2 timestamps using bash script
How to sync files and symbolic links between original dir and symbolic directory using GNU stow?
Is parameter expansion on $@ not supported by the sh shell?
file ending .gz0 - which program does this?
Need to remove Decimal point from command output
How to change the font size in NetBSD (TTY no GUI)
Configure dnsmasq to translate local names for iPhones
SSH remote - display echo on local terminal
Append a column from a previous match in CSV file
Could not find libmount
Is it trivial to compile standard Intel Debian programs to Arm?
Why does docker-ce-3:18.09 installation on SLES 12 throw "systemd-units needed" message?
sudo make install - what is being installed?
Use SED to remove the last two lines and the comma that precedes them
cron doesn't execute scripts after setting it up
Cent os error after installing
Print line and following text based on pattern matching
How can I print the memory usage in KB by free?
Do we need to eval a string to execute it as a command?
How can I prevent command substitution from removing NUL and trailing newline(s)?
Who are the users in the default groups
Wiping laptop hp aspire one
Convert linux uptime to well format date
Fedora 29 KDE edition stuck in login loop on fresh install
Having a hard time understanding package-manager repositories?
Are `-name` and `-exec` options or non-option arguments of `find`?
Does every syscall require at most 1 capability on Linux?
For base64 encoding/decoding, can base64 and uuencode/uudecode be used exchangeably?
How do prevent yum from retrieving mirrorlist?
How to launch an application with different Gtk+ 2 theme?
Viewing file in Chinese on Solaris without changing locale
Unable to install any rpm package in AIX after removing some packages
How to find unlocked tty in linux?
Installing hypervisor or emulator on OpenSolaris
exec command in bash loop for webscrapping
Is there a shorthand for multiple identical directory directives in Apache httpd 2.4?
usbip fails to restart gracefully when client rebooted (from docker container)
Can't remove commas in filenames on Linux
How do I convert a 4-drive BTRFS raid1 to a 2-drive "single" (non-raid) mode
Why is VLC Media Player playing videos like this?
Timeshift alternative for solus
Find files then move them and rename them at the same time?
Using awk to print 2nd column and rest of the text from #
Interfaces not functional after update on DELL PE-R720
Picture not working on fedora arm on raspberry pi
Expanding Drive Space in VMware for Linux use
How do I enable tmux mouse support?
Restricting user access to command with specific flags
Check if link is metered using `ip`
How to use nmcli to always connect to vpn when using certain wifi?
Mint 19 - USB MicroSD not mounting
Kali Linux doesn't recognize Nvidia GT220
What does a resolver do if DNSSEC is properly configured on a server that isn't reporting to be authoritative
Merging two files using matching characters
script that runs when an interface appears (not neecssarily goes up)
Ensure only numeric value entered
Solaris 10: Virtual Memory Exhausted
Namespace numbers in /proc
Remove Multiple TABS in between data
Is `vm.swapiness=0` equivalent to `swapoff -a` (in kernel >= 3.5)
Why would a file have NO color code?
Completely defragmenting a FAT32 filesystem
piping output of find to tar: avoiding duplicate links to files in archive
how can i make grep/find/locate beep as it finds each match
Can two threads in the same process belong to different namespaces?
IO wait time is higher than disk utilization. Isn't this impossible?
Aligning columns using awk
Understanding File Streams and File Descriptors
Adding command shortcuts to /bin
Use aimob-ng on Kali in VirtualBox
How To Make All Traffic To Go Through One Interface In Linux
Amazon EBS - extend LVM partition (non destructively)
Find location of shell / bash function on disk
Syntax for `repeat` with a semicolon in the command string?
Can I Grow A Linux Partition After Making It & Not Lose Data?
Lost in the world of VPN
GNU Parallel: How can I reference array elements?
SLES12SP1: How to add memcached to the new Services Manager
GNU Parallel: How can I store the results of multiple commands on a variable?
How was kernel written?
Linux Debian Jessie sudo command keeps asking for password
Is telnet/telnet-server a remote shell?
Proftpd doesn't answer to "PASV" command
ISP caching old DNS
Reboot without having to decrypt LUKS partitions?
iptables not working with hotspot
What does '?' represent under TTY
AWUS051NH v2 not injecting in Kali Linux
Assigning command to variable without alias
Arch+GNOME : Oh no! something has gone wrong
linux server memory leakage, it grows inactive memory, how to find the process in inactive memory and to kill?
password fails over ssh, works locally
Hide ones command history from other users on a Linux server
Any consideration for oracle installation which need to be done in OS installation?
Booted from NFS Linux has no permission for su command
Readline bindings not working with Control and Shift modifiers
Can't get akmod-wl module to work in Fedora 24 for Broadcom BCM4322
Create Partition (Standard partition vs LVM physical volume) in CentOS installation
How does font work on Arch Linux?
Did this drive die?
'sudo' is not installed, I can't install it, and it asks if I am root
Want to print the positional argument with variable substitution
Edit specific line of repeating code block using nametag
Finding all files based on partial filename match and display file size
What's an alternative openldap pwdChecker module?
Encrypted (luks) + LVM Ubuntu installation where /home is encrypted as well (ecryptfs): How to make a new partition for /home?
how do i call a bash script from inside an init.d script?
How to sed replace this end of the line?
I have a file.I need to use grep to print all the lines whose quantity is between 100-500
Read Text File; Copy Non-Indented Text Line; Replace Beginning of Indented Lines with Said Text
How to increment line counter for line beginning replacements by AWK/...?
Parameter value is not getting resolved
Unmount MTP device via command line
How to add battery status to zsh prompt on extreme right?
if condition with ssh exits while loop without completion
Increase the filesystem's size inside a qcow2 image
Wine not working for Linux Mint 18 Sarah. Trying to run Game Maker Studio, with no luck
Trace route of a symbolic link
Amigados assign command in linux bash
How to find lines containing a string and then printing those specific lines and something else
docker run from systemd service starts but exits immediately, and restarts, but docker run from shell works fine
How to install Skype on Debian 8?
how to have "crontab -e" emit an "installing new crontab" email
linux slackware: boring error with firefox
How to create symlinks from file
What is the behavior of a disowned process over SSH writing to stdout when the SSH session is lost?
Raspbian Lite not connecing to internet
How can I slow down rsync?
Is it safe to connect to a server with incorrect (confidential) ssh keys?
Cannot mark second disk in raid1 array as active
Linux equivalent of Windows Power options, specifically processor management
Mounting a CIFS share respecting the mode but ignoring the UID/GID
Switch to dvorak layout at boot. (decryption and sddm)
password is always passw0rd? Why?
What happens if there are more than one FUSE programs acting on a directory?
Combining rsync and find
Command to re-enable decoration on windows
Why does "ls" require a separate process for executing?
Allow all users can write files/folders of user "apache"?
Does "bash: command: command not found" return false?
Subpackage with an empty requires section?
unable to boot windows after installing ubuntu 10.04
How to remove a script tag from a text file with sed
Linux file creation time. What are the requirement challenges in considering useful atribute?
lsblk shows non-existent md partitions after reboot
How to convert an audio file from one format to another?
Centos 6.7 broken Sudo
Keep only the lines containing exact number of delimiters
Testing for any of a family of related values in a Bash variable
Find ProcessID - pidof not working
How to make tar to ignore last-modified-time of files/directories
Enable anonymous bind in openldap
Speed up backup in case where a partition has lots of free space
Linux Mint duplex driver for Samsung M2070
wait and recycling of PID
Is there an inode for a directory?
Need some assistance with anacron in Ubuntu
display array in a function - not working
Finding out binary's compiling computer name
Macbook Pro Retina 2015 Wifi problems on Kali
how to make parted to print size in MiB size instead of MB
Is there a way specify the host I am connecting from in scp or rsync when connected via ssh?
Bash condition that won't run on first Thursday of the month
Minimal linux live persistence
Adjust System Clock to NTP
Archlinux Pacman Partial Upgrades - Finding Package Dependency Issues
Permission denied (publickey,gssapi-keyex,gssapi-with-mic) Amazon Linux
Encrypt multiple partitions with luks cryptsetup
How does redirecting stdout to stderr work
Delete column if all entries after the header are a certain string
How can I diagnose hardware NIC problems in Linux?
I wanted to fix my hard drive bad sectors but it keep saying I/O error inreturn
One-liner efficient Gnu/Linux command to check the CPU, RAM and the Hard Disk usage percentage?
Appending first row time stamp to list below
How can I temporarily disable transmission of an Ethernet device
How detect the DISPLAY used by Xorg, X and XWayland
How to lock or hide a configuration file?
Tool to convert multi-document YAML to XML
How to disable KDE system sound after sleep
Network manager goes bad after hot unplugging an external usb wifi adapter
Cannot see wireless device Ubuntu Mate 18.04
awk rounding error using int() in connection with log()
Changing Variable at the command line of a bash script
How to resolve Argument too long
Bash profile setting to keep alive "active", terminal session
Sed in not honoring the $ address char when i try to only match last occurrence from within a script
Whats the equivalent of the Linux Alt + '.' on MacOS?
How can I unmount root and run Python script that modifies the whole disk using SSH?
Debian Full Disk Encryption: Does Debian Installer use LUKS 1 or 2?
Rasp Pi Stretch Swapping between Access Point Mode and Client Mode Displaying Errors Long After state change
Patch service file
Restart shell script if not printing
troubleshooting DDNS client installation: ./installer.sh
I can ping across namespaces, but not connect with TCP
Pulseaudio doesn't start correctly unless I run it with strace
Best way to check if Nautilus File Manager is running?
Sound normalization gain for music files on Linux (via bs1770gain)
How to count the number of occurrences of all strings in the file while getting the average of each string
Beaglebone pwm for non root user
How To Find Files Based On their Permissions In Linux
Lubuntu: Errors launching apps from terminal
Finding certain X window with Python's Xlib
"fatal error: stdio.h : No such file or directory" while compiling a C file
Mac OS X combine cp and cat to sequentially copy and rename files in list
How and where should I add a PATH?
Format Text With Spaces Between Lines
pivot_root device or resource busy
How do I fc-match font of some particular encoding?
Xmodmap syntax for rebinding Shift+Down to Up
List files whose name begin with any of the characters between a to k
What does dash "-" mean in Unix command line?
How long will NTP take to adjust the clock if it doesn't immediately set it?
extracting only the domainname, port number of first path
What should the permissions be for website files?
Manually edit startup application for session?
Is it possible to open a terminal with specified tty/pty
ssh is not aware of client hostname?
What is /proc/filesystems supposed to be and why is it different from /lib/modules/linux_ver/kernel/fs?
PCM not affecting sound volume with ALSA
which packages are required to use make?
how to know which device was open
How to set a service to start after autofs has started with systemd
Using a file to install packages with apt-get
Add marker for system boot event to syslog
What is Rpmfusion
rsyslog: discard multiple messages
All debian instances and template in qubes are unable to display any application
sshfs error: Connection reset by peer
How does GRUB find /boot partition on an MBR disk?
Generate and move thumbnails recursively
How to get see error message in journald
How to have a longer xterm title in zsh
". <file>" syntax vs. "source <file>"
xterm cursor not inverting properly with highlighted / reverse text
Why was /dev/null called that?
Update / upgrade Debian and skip any interactions
Connect to my server with a name rather than IP address
How do I troubleshoot unmet dependencies for bash and cpio on RHEL 6.6?
Grep something specific of the results of last execution?
Problem with Grub2 Configuration
Internal speakers on my laptop are dead, but external speakers don't get engaged either; any fixes?
rc.local Not working Debian 8
Compare two files and print only the first word of the lines which don't match along with a string
Why do we need to change root (chroot) to continue building my Linux system in LFS?
How does lookup in $PATH work under the hood?
Automount local drives on boot and hot-plug
How to use screen when /dev/tty is disabled?
How can I make logrotate work for custom apache log location?
Desktop environment without greeter
What are these memory strings? What do they do?
How do I stream to Chromecast using VLC?
Disable Chrome titlebar in X11 without window manager
Compose string of IPs using bash command line
How can I escape an exclamation point in the PS1 environment variable?
How to compare "abc" with abc in a shell script?
Different command outputs
`sudo: command not found' when following a tutorial for Let's Encrypt
Can't terminate / suspend a background job
Trying to switch from Cinnamon to MATE on Linux Mint, but nothing happens when I click on the session icon
How can I get mutt to automatically select pgp keys?
How to provide parameters using text file in curl?
How to sandbox code in chroot for multiple users?
Can I change the permissions of files that root has read only access to?
Which package in Gentoo provides xmlcatalog command?
How to start multiple mod-mono-server4 Linux process domains at reboot time?
Zsh disable autofill
reduce or delete existing root partition and install new distro
`syslog` spammed by `dbus-daemon`, claims that unit `tracker-extract.service` is masked
Backup script permission issue
Windows Media Audio 9 player plugin- something for linux
How can I assign a keyboard shortcut to a specific application in Openbox?
I added a user to a group, but group permissions on files still have no effect
How to parse hundred html source code files in shell?
How do you move all files (including hidden) from one directory to another?
How to remove an audio track from an mp4 video file?
What is the most advanced video editing FLOSS?
How does Linux kernel compare to microkernel architectures?
How come I suddenly don't have any audio?
Any way to sync directory structure when the files are already on both sides?
ls, regexp and environment variable
How do font managers work in Fedora?
How to install Debian from USB? (Using full size image not netinstall)
Creating a completely offline installer using simple-cdd
Which desktop indexer indexes xml file content?
How to redirect stderr and stdout to different files and also display in terminal?
How to "jail" a process without being root?
How to check if $PWD is a subdirectory of a given path
load a file in u-boot over nfs
What is making netcat close when I refresh my browser?
Does `hash -p` change the pathname of a external command name?
3 Questions about having to do a hard shutdown and reboot
Launch root bin startup
terminal in Tmux is 256color but vim isn't
How to copy several not-subfolders in one shot?
ffcast and compton - a shadowy problem
Machine does not serve non-localhost clients, SSH works
wmaker create menus
how to update ca-bundle.crt with local company-root.crt
Adding a higher-priority route allows communication?
Use colon as filename separator in zsh tab completion
Get network interface name and MAC address on command line
Restart=always does not retry restarting after the required service is failed
Unzipping a .gz file to get a text file but getting a binary file?
Slow boot time due to firmware delay
systemd service active but not executing
Trouble installing application
How to get pip3 without sudo privileges
How can I add * in the middle of the box that is created by this bash script?
Synaptic: How to completely remove dependant packages by default?
`ls` Attemptes to list nonexisting symbolic links on WSL
Get word in each loop using loop variable
Package libapr1-dev is not available
how to find a pattern and substitute in vim
Download all installed packages
Where does udev get the model and vendor strings?
How can I split a line that contains an underline with awk?
cd to a path containing spaces using a path variable
SSH forwarded through modem recently started failing: update
Fully Disable PrntScr Key
How do I configure my tty session such that a form feed `\f` character will clear the terminal?
Services in /etc/rc.local prevent the system from finishing to boot
Counting files on a remote server with ssh and an expect script
Two GUI applications as different users on the same screen
How to install vsftpd package
How to upgrade shared library without crash?
Two-way rsync results in oscillating content
Missing left prompt elements for powerlevel9k
Why am I seeing an EFI partition when I created a FAT on my external USB hub?
How to get hardware info from a client remotely
Sftp Connection Via Gigolo on Debian 10 "Buster"
Debian 10.1 net installer stuck
How to estimate ethernet cable length?
Can't use remote server because too many open files in system
Changing Directory with Wildcard in Zsh Shell
How can I kill a stubborn process?
Does archiving root directory archive additional mounted disk directories?
Parsing "shell friendly" output
Live backup of KVM virtual machine
How to do a Cron.d permission review to ensure sensitive files and directories are secured?
Determine Linux Version
gocr - convert .jpg to .txt file
What is the difference between these two password attributes?
Clonezilla and BTRFS, GRUB and boot
How can I allow write permissions in shared folder in vmware?
executing commands within a script
Why isn’t it possible to create VeraCrypt containers in Tails?
Chrony on RHEL7.2 can sync to windows ntp server, But Chrony on RHEL7.4 can't sync it
monitor log files and take actions upon a certain entry
GRUB2: Add second set of flags as option for every kernel
AWK if number less than previous number, how to add previous number to current number, and from then on
Generate Text File With Only 7th and 8th Columns From Given ls Command Output
Text File Generation From Mailing List Following Given Hourly Interval Range
Override specific key of a dict in host_vars
Using "time-ago" instead of Time in RRDTOOL
How to list all files less than 1080p
Centos live install yum
Associating new file icon with the mime type
configure: error: mcrypt.h not found. Please reinstall libmcrypt
Asus transformer mini suspend and hibernate
I've been seeing a lot of this in my Apache access log
Make effective the changes in CPU governor plugin
GNOME Shell - display path of files in Activities window
How to detect the command interpreter from within a shell script?
Add blinking network-monitor icon to GNOME / XFCE
Automate file transfer from Windows to Unix
How to get a list all the "aliases" of a file (including of type directory) efficiently?
Where can I find storage integrity (write/read) test tools?
AWK - change the file name (special characters)
Fedora 7 server export in .bashrc not getting set
How do character device or character special files work?
How can I insert the contents of a file into a string in bash
How do I loop through a file with awk
RPM Says Shared Object Is Missing But I Can Find It With ls
Why is systemd-nspawn not appropriate for production deployments?
Searching file based on data range
Kali Linux Live (Try before installation) won't install GRUB or LILO
Debian iso image is too large to fit in a standard 700MB CD
Moving by page without chords in Vim
basic help with safecopy
CPU idle is high, but processes are struggling to keep up as if the cpu is under heavy load
Unable to configure eth1 and eth2 properly on Ubuntu
No FIOS Network After Zorin 9 Install on Wireless Desktop PC
How to use shift to shift $@ one over
Docker in Crouton - VFS consuming astronomical amounts of space
iptables configuration for Transparent squid proxy
How can I invoke a prompt for an ssh key passphrase during the execution of a script?
Why does terminal say I have mail every time I open it?
iptables / VLAN: interface names
How to start remote command line session?
Run a command under sudo over SSH
Should I move a binary used by a non-root user from /usr/bin/ to /usr/local/bin/?
Read from character delimted file and assign into variables | for email
Edit Nth occurence interactively in a search in vim
many systemd-udevd spawns on embedded device
Bash variable substitution problem
Dual Monitor mode in XFCE not working with xrandr
removing `nullok` from system-auth prevents any root password
Connecting 3 OpenVPN connections through a shell script
How to remember ssh password with lsyncd?
How to gunzip files recursively (or how to UNDO 'gzip -r')
removing clamav with purge leaves database
How to access Transmission runing behind a NAT from external PC
State of network loopback
Delete last character of last item in a bash array
Formatting ifconfig using sed/awk
Supervisord scheduling
Remove a specific extension from all the files in a directory
How to disable procps-ng 3.3.10 free wide output format?
Can I remap SHIFT+CAPS LOCK in Linux console?
Write an image to a flash drive under OpenBSD
How can I monitor per process/per thread memory consumption (divided into heap, stack, data, code)?
Install rtl8188etv/rtl8188eu driver on Orange-Pi
"dpkg -l" receives shell wildcard character?
How do I grep on a live log (stdout)?
Find/replace on block device?
fgrep beginning of line?
Network card seems to be active but config file is missing?
Can't install debian because installer doesn't parse IP correctly?
arecord until sound level drops low enough
How do I download a PDF, then output a chunk of text?
Bash script, ask for user input, to change a directory, sub directorys, and file's mtime atime linux recursively
Why ping hop dest doesn't work?
How to reduce CPU consumption of QWebEngine?
what are these error messages displayed during boot-up of kali from grub boot loader?how can i fix them?
Permission denied - mkdir / No write access for G
can a full ram-disk cause swapping?
During what kinds of operations is a process considered for the 'load average'?
Vim: cw & dw whitespace inconsistency
Can I merge yum and yum-cron excludes?
SSH Unable to resolve Hostname when using alias
Special content and line by line
xclip doesn’t send contents to netcat
awk/sed/perl one liner to edit json file
Suggesting new terminal commands
nl80211: Could not configure driver mode nl80211 driver initialization failed
Does pseudoterminal transfer byte stream or message?
do mDNS and LLMNR queries use the same format as tcp DNS?
Debian goes into Busybox after forced UEFI install
I simply can not install Virtual Box properly and start VM in it
Efibootmgr does not add disk GUID in HD param
How to upload file into File View on Ambari Web?
How do you cycle through sequentially numbered aliases?
Mint Cinnamon rendering issues after unknown changes
In cracking a password, does it help to have other easy passwords in the same file?
Should the 'discard' option be used for mounting a swap file?
How to install passphrase screen to a USB stick?
Cannot mount USB on FreeBSD: Invalid argument
Default Tar Directory
Apache vs lighthttpd : different behaviours with mime type
Can we enable Networking in single user mode of Linux?
Using pass on multiple computers. Which pgp key to share?
How to remove the second column of a .txt file?
Custom Kernel for VMWare
bash script: a more elegant way to retrieve the most current version of go?
Raspberry Pi auto login and run script in screen
Set the sed command parameter for a range of time
FIO Benchmark Tester: Error when building from source
How to rename misnamed files with their appropriate extensions?
kvm host memory vs guest memory
Arch linux touchpad lag
Terminal Startup Scripts?
Sending signal SIGINT to process while executing system call or script by killall -SIGINT
If "the periodic utility is intended to be called by cron", why does the man page imply that periodic has its own timing?
What does the unix 'pick' command do?
How to view only the first row or a table in MySQL?
Why paste command doesn't work for Concatenating two files column wise when the characters are more than 511?
useradd on CentOS with home directory and sudo privileges
what are the unforseen consequences to using visudo to enable wheel group to run all sudo commands?
Cannot run sudo twice
Allow downloading through iptables
bash script to identify the files based on current date and file name pattern
What is "stick" button on windows in xfce?
renaming multiple files with by deleting random numbers
How to display a remote Linux manual (through ftp/http/https)?
How to calculate wlan0 interface speed
Using input from two different files in a for loop
Dynamic webpages on BCHS
Write to stdin of running process on occasion
Can't Install Pulseaudio on Debian
Replacing one column with another column in csv files
Start service with different config
Keeping dotfiles in sync for different folders
objdump : file format not recognized
Questions about understanding a template of using bash's getopts
how to know who is fail when doing ssh with test
Bash misinterpreting a sed statement to rename files
Sum of command line arguments?
configure: error: no acceptable C compiler found in $PATH error on Debian 5 while installing Python
select related packages in apt --upgradeable to install selectively
Having trouble successfully installing the DDD debugger from Debian Stable (Buster)
Controlling the Keyboard and Mouse with GUI Automation - install
Delete line if other line starts with current line (column wise)
Which Linux partition type to chose for external USB HDD with EXT3 or EXT4?
New CentOS 8 Install Crashing
How to hide the open terminal button in the right-click menu in the gnome3 desktop environment
How can i get rid of the mini panel that comes in debian at the bottom left coner
Controlling systemd system service as user
How to invert 'watch -b'?
How to resolve "A start job is running for /dev/disk/by-id/..." on boot?
Send System Emails without MTA on VPS
SD card reader not detected by Linux kernel 5.3
virt-manager: KVM is not available
How to achieve Linux privilege escalation by polkitd without password but with Yes/No prompt?
Failed to install ansible on CentOS 8
GRUB2 is unable to detect a fresh Fedora intstallation
How to use install and use network manager in debian?
Linux: Autorun : "Run file from USB when usb is inserted "
*How to solve "At least 34MB more space needed on the /boot filesystem."?
Lack of User Account Interface Manager in Xfce Desktop Manager
fstab noauto keeps mounting on boot
init script that run a socket continuously
Working(details) of kali linux on usb persistent flash drive
How can I check if I'm using the AMDGPU-PRO driver?
Issue with pacman: "error: failed to prepare transaction"
How to run fortran77 program with inputs from file?
Problem: kernel: DROP_INPUT in openvpn and ipfire
Terminal wants to install dpkg
Accidentally formatted Ubuntu partition to NTFS. Recover?
Understanding different fields of output of sensors
How to enable right click on desktop? (Linux Mint 12 LXDE)
Linux Mint 12 on HP Pavillion DV7 - Wireless is not working
Compile all tex files in a directory
Get "date" to understand a timestamp phrase of a different language
Insert multiline text into several files via commandline
How to increase Xen guest CPU utilization?
How to enable tab completion of  wildcards in bash?
Why do Unix-like systems execute a new process when calling a new function?
Is disabling barriers for ext4 safe on a laptop with battery?
How to disable autocompletion for sudo ...?
How to encode huge FLAC files into MP3 and other files like AAC?
How to disable autocorrection for sudo [command] in zsh?
Do I need to format a CF before installing Linux?
chroot fails with --userspec when chroot is i686
Why doesn't ctrl+d work with this?
Using gdm to manage xdmcp authentication over VNC
Best Disk Partitioning Scheme for a Linux-based Developer Machine
Permissions/ownership of /usr/local/bin
Solving Ethernet watchdog timer deadlocks
How can I reserve a block of memory from the Linux kernel?
How do I tell if a Wine application uses hardware or software rendering?
DHCP server: offer different subnet addresses for different interfaces
Split a physical X display into two virtual displays?
Xorg hangs before login screen
escaping a single dot with double backslash - awk
Any way to recover list of open terminal tabs/windows before my system went down unexpectedly?
Arch Linux system borked after update
Syslinux , what does '--' do?
Route and "e" flag
xinerama, 2 cards, 3 monitors
I accidentally deleted the sudoers file on Mac OS X; is there any way to recover it?
mounting to non-empty directory, then later deleting original files
How can I run my own scripts in kate 3.8.2? "External tools" isn't available in the plugins section
logfiles and daylight savings time
Limiting users ram with cgroups not working (for me)
Dbus: Terminate not working on other user
Can I use wget to download all files recursively, but not their actual content?
Weird control sequence before password prompt
Shutdown as a Mac
OpenWrt (Chaos Calmer 15.05.1): `opkg install <package> -d ram` is failing
Gain back permissions to run commands on DigitalOcean Ubuntu
Configuration file for kernel in VM environment
Signing new key with an old expired one
zsh displaying my name weird
Force dpkg repair
ssh connection to OSMC fails after giving the correct password
tmux script to launch several commands
How do I get my app to appear in the Applications list?
ANSI code translator
crouton - ERROR: unknown command: shell
Does packaging an application for APT involve pointing the application to use the APT communal dependencies?
Why does tcsh consistently have multiple fd's pointing to /dev/tty
How to load directory into filesystem cache?
Shuffle Using SoX?
separate debug-info files in FreeBSD
WCF (like) Services in linux
Easy-ish Grub2 loading of iso FROM a portable hard drive
Shell script to grab one or many Wistia videos
Squaring all numbers in a file
SCP command keeps asking password
Virtual Machine failover with KVM
Xorg conf not loading on startup
Installing Lubuntu on Old Computer
Exchange apache2 for nginx problem
What is the difference between &6 and /dev/fd/6?
How to make dnf to install older versions of software
xdotool: How to search for window by title and class with different patterns (similar to AutoHotkey)
Graphics glitches on Intel HD Graphics 530
Make a shortcut to a program that changes to its directory
Run same command with different parameters
What is desktop manager of Mint?
Selective extraction of data
which programs benefit the most by cron (for a SOHO user)?
How to Pivot the data by awk in unix shell script?
LFTP Script to Download Files
Background processes in ksh script are disappearing after they are kicked off
Running a command on all servers using Fabric
How to obtain the chronological list of package upgrades in debian?
How many processes can listen on a specific port?
Windows directories keeps getting unmounted on two identical Red Hat servers
How does the Linux scheduler determine if a process is I/O bound or CPU bound
Why does /proc/*/status not account for all swap used on a system?
convert table to ini file using bash arrays
Use md5sum to verify file in a script
Shell script example to stop execution of all processes with a certain UID?
process keeps on starting
Ubuntu won't login after disk migration
Linux kernel IPv6 route lookup - how does it work?
Ubuntu Shortcuts for Ubuntu 14 — Beginning and end of line
passing a '-9' to xargs kill command
i3wm multi-monitor error while moving displays
match and print multiple columns from two files
PKCS7 encryption
Set GPIO Bank Mux Mode
Does cron run scheduled but missed script(because of sleeping) after wake up?
What constitutes a Scrub "Pass"?
How to create a script that runs yum as root, but rest of script as calling user
How to configure case insensitive completion of branch names for git in bash?
X not running after pkg upgrade
Copy the first word of the filename
What's the standard way not to show CGI scripts?
Why Does `'ln -s /directory 'D:'` Work Like It Does?
List files in sub directories
Understand when in the day of a life of an ICMP "echo reply" message "ip rule" tables are consulted
How to insert null for missing column?
How can I copy paste in the remote server?
While read loop with grep
splitting a single row command to two parts so it would be more "structured" aesthetically
Cygwin + /usr/bin/xterm: Xt error: Can't open display: :0
Resetting root password in CentOS 7
How do I install CentOS 7.x (latest) on my HP-15ac048tu?
Is it possible to unlock multiple LUKS devices to form a LVM at boot?
command line audio with mpg123 - how to save position in audio and begin from that location next time?
OpenSSH, chroot user: Root needs to own the user directory, is there any consequence?
How to open a port early in boot process to unlock LUKS via SSH
Analyzing the behavior of a threaded program
How to completely hide stuff from a user?
Symlinks and EncFS
PCI passthrough without VT-d
How to delete files filtered out by awk
Debian "sid"/Gnome: bash + browser cursor blink
Asus X101H - Touchpad not recognized (want to disable while typing)
In KDE, how can I create a custom keyboard shortcut that prints the current date?
need to my server's ip changes when it needs to connect port 'x' on ip 'y'
Which are the standard commands available in every Linux based distribution?
How do I set mouse double click speed in Lubuntu
What is the difference between "&&" and ";" when chaining commands
Linux, fat32 and etc/fstab
Vim freezes for a short time
Installing driver on Debian Squeeze laptop
Dual booting on a Macbook Pro 7,1.
How to sort a Diary?
Unique file name for different files
Install Cinnamon on Debian
How to install Aurora (Firefox) on Debian?
Running shell commands in .sh file results to error
How to display server's TLS certicicate details in terminal?
Why is this scp command creating a directory one level up?
Spawn 6 windows in 2 rows in the i3 window manager
If I change permissions on a tar file, will that apply to the files inside it?
AIX 6.1 starting xhost + from inittab at the boot time
Non-KDE alternative to KNotes?
Systemd: start/stop service based on networking connectivity
How to set system wide umask in alpine?
Using grep display lines of context before back to the first line matching something else before the matched line?
GLIBCXX_3.4.20 not found
Grub menu wont show up after I did dual boot
RAID conflict in dual boot setup on HP workstation w/ 2 disks
Running a script via cron at a random time, but a certain number of times per day
bash: redirect stderr to file and stdout + stderr to screen
Git command to strip multiple removed lines from the commits that originally added them
Making “at” or “sleep” utilities to print stdout in timeout, on the highest of Bash sessions
shell script - multiple ssh connection
I deleted my home directory... can I recover it?
recursively mark all files in a directory as modified without changing file content
Proper automount on systemd Linux systems
Finding the proper pid to kill -HUP for logrotate
How do I fix the colors of my icons?
Can TestDisk or PhotoRec recover files by dates?
Does opening a regular file by `open()` in a C program create a file `/proc/$pid/fd/$number`?
sed replacement won't work (regex)
tail --follow=name inside script starts as a separate process
Which process is `/proc/self/` for?
Can't remove a file in a partition in SD card
How can I get the difference in days using awk?
Does `sudo` work in terms of changing the effective user and group IDs of a process?
Is password --encrypted and password --md5 the same for the GRUB config file?
How to define a function that handles `command not found`?
Debian 10/Buster crashing after days of usage
How to install nginx subs_filter as an package on ubuntu 18.04?
System boots into Dracut mode in CentOS 7
Cannot start X in virtualbox
How can I create a file with some text in it using bash script
firefox extensions in the repository: what is the reason/purpose?
Redefine titlebar maximize button action
Variable substitution in Unix environment variable name
Understanding pipes and redirections in dash
Direct xtrace output elsewhere than stderr in zsh
VirtualBox network NAT connect via SSH client
Can I make characters uncopyable in a terminal emulator?
how to read xls file in Linux
How to make audio switch back to HDMI on headphone disconnect?
How to ask systemd to not start a system service on boot?
rspamd: Bayesian filter doesn't appear to be working
How do I install Wine on Fedora 20?
my server will damage if i delete this infected files?
Serial ports sometimes having problems
unixODBC: Cannot load libmaodbc.so
concatenate netcdf files with dimensions of varying size
Should I remove watchdog when using kdump
Does kdump work with encrypted volumes by default
How to "echo" colored messages without "-e" option nor intermediate variable?
How to install git repo using apt-get?
Unable to install PIP on Linux
How to add a program to a group
Cronjob does not run at 1am
Unable to settle out packages needed for virtualization on Ubuntu 18.04.02
"apt install ./file.deb" vs "apt install /path/to/file.deb"
yocto Xen-Guest-Image-Minimal filesystem setup question
Wireguard server with active OpenVPN client
zsh scripting - How do I NOT match a pattern in filename generation?
How to encrypt file with gpg and a passphrase only?
10-eth0.network
Lacking unicode fonts : a Firefox on my french Debian 9.8 displays squares instead of khmer characters. Is there an easy way to install many fonts?
Nginx: lag when loading static content
How to make p7zip paralell on SLES 12?
if statement not working inside while loop
Bash prompt special character not expanded in PS1
Will relabeling a partition destroy data
Kali - problem with kaldi/egs/voxforge/s5 run.sh
What do the abbreviations in OOM Killer memory statistics report mean?
Access serial port of sshfs mounted filesystem
running a terminal over PCMCIA serial port in unix
Finding the manufacturer of the eMMC Host Controller for HP Stream 11 Pro G3 Notebook PC/82A9
changing permission not permitted
For loop printing echo command only once
I want to empty one column, but I want to keep the header name in unix
pivot_root(2) causes system crash
xmllint displays value of second attribute if first one matches
Yum is asking for nonexistent updateinfo.xml hashes on the repodata directory
Adding a pattern to each field of the following line
One column into two
Install wordpress package always require apache?
Jump to a Byobu window by number
Is `-` used only with cd?
Linux kernel manual build: resulting binary is 10 times larger than precompiled binaries
Is dd able to overwrite parts of a file?
How can a log program continue to log to a deleted file?
Is it possible to change what tty a terminal emulator is connected to?
A window asking me to enter my ssh passphrase is popping up randomly. Why?
Is using shorthand quick substitution of history expansion problematic?
How can I test if a variable is empty or contains only spaces?
Why does creating a ZPool result in this error?
What's wrong with this sed expression?
How to split long sed expression into multiple lines?
Missing partition numbers on replaced drive
Monitor MPSSH Progress, maybe PV?
Process `zsh` function with util that only recognizes commands
Why netcat doesn't use the right interface associated with the IP?
how to move to wayland from xorg in antergos gnome?
Mounted logical volume size not matching actual volume size
Automatically running an installation cli script in terminal on startup
How to distribute a portable Linux commercial closed-source program?
error in mounting drive on Ubuntu Mate terminal
How can I debug slow resume from suspend?
How can I limit the number of CPU cores that a user can use at any moment on Linux?
How many concurrent connections will handle By Squid proxy
sed command not working with search string
SCP reproducably breaks SSH pipe
Shell script to set password for samba user
Starting A DBus Session Application from systemd User Mode
Scipts cgi and suexec
find text in files and copy to a csv
Using udisksctl to power off external hard drive causes hard lock
Safely uninstalling GNOME desktop environment on Fedora 29
Extract continuous information from telnet client
100 000 images in a single directory
Why do commands starting with a space, not show up in bash history?
Why does linux out-of-memory (OOM) killer not run automatically, but works upon sysrq-key?
How to power on an external hard-drive after powering it off?
Shell script sort
How do I create a UDP packet?
Why did I not install the package version that I expected?
How to limit 1 connect per 5 seconds? (IPTABLES)
Shell script with password that starts with (
How to make specific programs use wireguard in arch linux?
How to limit 1 connection per 5 seconds? (IPTABLES)
How to install specific version of debian linux package CUPS?
Why is bash removing other digits?
How to write a function that reliably exits (with a specified status) the current process?
How to prevent boot logo for systems deployed using anaconda kickstart?
Why does my custom bash prompt glitch when browsing the history
how to get the status in dry run on rsync command
How to Know What Filesystem External Harddrive is Using
Show local ip inside .sh script
gparted: how to merge unallocated space with a partition
Where can I configure Chromium's default command line arguments?
How do I diff the output of these two commands?
Why do terminal emulators still have screen flicker?
Export commands works in interactive mode, but produces error message in script
Does grep -r always search through files in the same order?
Extract text from brackets
tar archive with certain unpacking order
How Do You Permanently Disable All GUI Popups In Ubuntu 14.04?
How can I get rid of the `run apt-get autoremove` message?
using systemd timers instead of cron
mount samba shares at boot with systemd
Formatting issue
Does the format or columns of /proc/dev/net change often?
Android SDK on linux with NO GUI
Use same IP for 2 Ethernet Adapters in different Physical networks
xfce gtk themes problem
How terminal emulators handle Shift+FKeys?
Script wont return when executed via SSH
Add another if condition
Is it possible? Three OpenBSD 6.0-current firewall bridges with only one OpenBSD Server?
How to identify what capabilities are required for a command?
No manual entry for git
Installing Proprietary NVidia 304 drivers on Debian Testing/Stretch
Replace the second occurrence of a line
Docker problems on external drive
passwd: Authentication token lock busy
Linux router - Throughput speed of clients
Stuck on "grub>" prompt when dual-booting Ubuntu
How to fix icedteanp plugin error?
How to find out which (not installed) Debian package a file belongs to?
How to build-compile a .c file
Implementing a Unix shell in C: Logging
Can I keep applications running across X sessions?
Nested ssh session inside screen has no color
Is there a tool that lets me exaggerate audio levels?
Is SCADA an RTOS?
What causes various signals to be sent?
LVM Mirrored Logical Volume Performance
How do I get my shell functions to make use of existing autocompletion in zsh?
mount root fs to /target
Different linux distros sharing the same /home folder?
How can I get distribution name and version number in a simple shell script?
Debian 6.0 RC1: Cannot login as root and user is not a sudoer
How to list currently not installed packages?
How to run e2image to backup a remote CentOS server?
Portable serialization of data in the Linux kernel
Explanation for "page allocation failure" kernel message
Search function in lubuntu terminal
Using tr to replace text with repeated characters
How can I create a multiline entry in /etc/hosts?
text parsing from column
ipv6 router push routes
problem with interface with ip static in ubuntu 18.04
Initialising VMware Player 14 on Fedora 28: Unable to compile Virtual Machine Monitor
Difference between pushd/popd and sub-shell+cd
Docker running inside a USB Flash Drive
When creating an empty file, why might one prefer 'touch file' over ': >> file'?
Clonezilla - physical Server
Better English pronunciation shell?
How to execute the following commands in a bash script?
GNU screen: how to automatically spawn a terminal after splitting?
Move a LVM partition
How do I force packet go through specific physical interface knowing destination MAC only?
Can I pipe output from a started process?
Grepping account names (read from a file) from a set of compressed files
How can I debug why a specific kernel crashes when waking from suspend?
Linux - Hades Canyon Intel Nuc 8th Generation
Does the master device appear just like a standard terminal to the driver program?
Issue forwarding email with POSTFIX
numerical keypad not working on laptop
Real world usage of information inside /proc
How to prevent DTR on open for cdc_acm?
GIMP tooltips are almost unreadable white-on-off-white
Open new ssh session via existing ssh -N session
no wifi adapter detected by Bodhi
Role of additional groups for linux users
More aggressive TCP/IP?
What is the purpose of double `w` in `ps -ww`?
Aurman asking for root privilege to install from AUR
New server, can access on the LAN but not on the wider internet. No firewalls in place
Freebsd clean install dns problem
Bash script Issue parsing text in line with whitespace characters
Why is my OpenGL renderer shows my CPU?
Can I get dnsmasq to drop/reject/redirect any address queries except one?
Corrupted ntfs volume mounting problem
How to substitute newline character \n with two characters \r\n using VIM
Why is my previous history command in the terminal overwriting other text?
The difference in Ubuntu 18.04 that requires nomodeset?
Error mv target is not a directory and missing argument to `-exec'
Unable to SSH from Ubuntu to Debian VM
Inverse the fore- and background color for the current tab in tmux
The file used by parent and child process
freebsd Broadcom 4322 wireless card issue
Should I use KVM or Xen ? What are the main differences?
VMWare in arch without DE or WM
Find unique lines based on only a section
What system call does Evince use to open pdf?
Wrong partition size during install?
Mount an ext4 partition in another PC(Windows) at the same network in my Ubuntu Live?
git cmd formatting a log
A command wants file paths. How can I give it stdin for the "infile" and stdout for the "outfile"?
“Unable to find or create trash directory” in Thunar using xfce
mixed results from the same command (related to ARG_MAX)
vg not assigned to the pv group
What permissions must be set on a directory to allow one to append data to a file in that directory, but not to remove that file?
read-verification alternative (two prompts and if-then comparison alternative)
Does `eval` apply the shell to the redirection part of the following command?
How do I put an argument into the BROWSER variable?
The argument number variable does not count the inputed parameters
resolv.conf overwritten every time
Does linux systems flush dirty pages to disk one block by one block?
nautilus not call write system call when paste file
Extract data between two patterns from a huge (forced) text file
perl-rename - What is the difference between /g' and /'?
zsh: A prefix function that runs the rest of the line with no alias expansion
Use touch command to set modification time of a file to the Unix epoch
Is the umask function a kernel function?
strategies, for a beginner, to write code (to answer homework question)
Options error: Parameter ca_file can only be specified in TLS-mode
How to close nc port in Debian 9?
Best way to get precise measure max memory usage and cpu time
Sub-commands in bash
How to minimize resource usage while process waits to be killed by a signal?
Bash script to read a web page list from a text file
Can't install Qemu on Debian 9
hp-setup can't find printer connected with USB
Is there a linux command to copy a file to multiple other files based on the filename?
How can I specify to xargs to run a command with all the arguments at once?
Does `xargs -x` never execute a proper subset of arguments where the command line length does not exceed the `-s` limit?
sed incorrect for multiple occurrences per line - ignoring global flag
debian - connect to wifi automatically when in range
Configuring SNMP Traps
Which is the command for show all property of my PC on terminal
How are XFS deltas for xfsdump -l n calculated?
Why Nginx is not rejecting wrong hosts?
How do I configure SSH so that OTP can be used with ssh-copy-id and then only keypair authorization is accepted?
Arrange program windows out of bash script?
How to exclude a directory when zipping files
how to delete swarm of ._ files using commandline
Grub reboots PC after showing only "Grub loading."
Taking a clone of a customized RHEL server hosted in a data center remotely
Sending special characters and new lines via KANNEL
How do I make a python daemon run at bootup?
running screen in a shell can't find sessions but running screen during ssh login can
How to send the Escape Key inside VirtualBox "vi" session?
Installation date and virtual status of the machine( For Darwin, FreeBSD and NetBSD)
How can I replace the stock driver module inside a Linux ISO?
Is there a way to tell how a user authenticated their SSH connection ? i.e. whether it was by password or by public key?
Using sed to replace n characters before a keyword including the keyword?
Jump to specific flag in help/man file
Grep and ignoring leading whitespace
debian testing hangs on wakeup from s2disk / hibernate
Mounting a btrfs image file
Is the return value "-1" of the function socket close() method possible?
fail2ban not working
AIX equivalent of Solaris' iostat -E
Combining sed statements
Is Android compatible with the Linux Standard Base?
What processes on CentOS6/RHEL regulates user login but not password itself?
add bracket across numbers at only end of each line
Which network services depend on the "accept related input" iptables rule?
how can I backup and restore of partitions and logical volumes?
Is %a an option of stat?
Why does "Connection Failed: 2002" display randomly on my PHP/MySQL website?
big-scale tracker alternative for server filesystems
Inherit environment variables in systemd Docker container
Why absolute symlink on SAMBA share is followed directly by CIFS mount?
Get notified from avahi
Upgrading Linux (Fedora) with LUKS encrypted volume
Why is NetworkManager package name upper case?
Real vs Actual memory in Xymon/Hobbit
How to create CSV file without unnecessary spaces?
List files of certain type under a dir?
How to pipe a remote file to stdout over scp or sftp?
Command to 're-apply' previous command?
Get OpenSSL FIPS Module Version Number
waiting for network in a bash script
Choose a terminal emulator from Java
After Logoff from any user getting black screen
notify-send not working under ssh
Hide Vim fold characters
cat /dev/null emptied my log file but size did not change
relation between chmod and sudo on an executable file
Improve awk command processing file
How to increment a dynamically named variable in `zsh`
How to pipe a bash command and keep Ctrl+C working?
Brightness not working on Samsung N150 (netbook)
Using tensorflow-gpu in Arch Linux. Problem installing cudnn6 with cuda 8
Route subnet traffic through OpenVPN tunnel
Accidentally trashed large file
Change a list of strings to lowercase
Deactivate openbox desktop context menu on 2nd screen
Linux courses for a beginner
Resizing a LVM physical volume on device /dev/sdb
Can I change how gedit prints its page header?
How to get the default version of an application in unix
enable to mount /dev/centos/home after lvresize, bad superblock
Creating custom menus in Applications-menu tab in CentOS7 GNOME
plot 2D graph with points from a file
Old rename was better for me
Problem resetting root password on an embedded device
Cheese: No device found
Does ip command support wildcards?
Unable to delete files from within smplayer
Safe reboot cron job with fallback on SysRq reset issue
Mount host folder to guest with LXC 2.x, but do it readonly?
how to grep lines after third comma with condition
Except some applications (like VLC) from using the current gtk3 theme
How to bring down all internet devices except the specified one?
Forwarding all TCP to another Host with Specific Port 6900
Linux grep what in file 1 is in file 2
delete a line w.r.t a column
Creating a custom template, based on some existing LXC template after running the instance at least once
Is there any way to kill or end a process in "disk sleep"
Battery drains while powered off after upgrade to kernel 4.13
Error: Command 'download_from_google_storage --no_resume --platform=linux* --no_auth --bucket chromium-clang-format
What is the benefit of /etc/apt/sources.list.d over /etc/apt/sources.list
Companies that sell computers without pre-installed proprietary OS?
Can vim edit a remote file as root?
Does Linux Cache Hardware Info?
Split file by pattern keeping only the pieces that contain a second pattern
Apache Reverse Proxy - How to disable SSL frontside but allow SSL backside
Physical Address Extension - how do virtual addresses work?
warning: Filesystem seems to be mounted read-only
8G RAM and SSD - how big should the swap be?
Ways to organize and access frequently visited directories and files?
Debugging a Solaris network issue
Configuring USB digital microphone under Linux
Mapping a key to AltGr with KDE On Ubuntu
"Links" to dirs that have features of both hard and soft links?
The -F option for ls
Where does the pattern occur in a match by find?
Ubuntu Qmake is not an executable
LXDE: How to run a program/command when I press one or more keys?
Why do upgrades to KDM/KDE not preserve changes to configuration files?
What is the difference between "find" and "till" in vim?
tmux new pane has home directory as default instead of previous directory
What are the positions in `free` called?
How to list similar lines?
Setting running process affinity with taskset fails
sending emails with heirloom, even when Postfix is not running locally
Fedora 20 Crashes on Older PC
regenerate xorg.conf with current settings
Going into a directory linked by a link
How it is possible that dpkg isn't neccesary for installing deb packages?
Combining awk statements
Print PDF scaled-down and aligned
Setting up smartmontools
Format USB drive
Remove backslash + newline sequences
"make test" failed while compiling Python
Window resize slowly and freeze with compton, openbox and catalyst-hoo
Replace column entry with sum of other column entries
Resizing terminal splits
Samba file share shows user directory
Creating a debian package that depends on libcudart.so.6.0 from cuda-core-libs-6-0
How to make a portable Linux app?
xpra attach failure
how to detect what DISPLAY is active/has input focus?
filename and pathname of a file
Default files in home dir for each user
Using X11 Displays through Terminal.app commands : generic mapping tools
Unix Shell Scripting output to an Excel File
Set new default file manager for firefox in Archlinux
Reboot and zero drive
Is using system() function inside C++ code a fast way as using source codes?
Completing a command like another command in bash
Linux mint needed to boot in compatibility mode, but after install it does not boot!
Why is logrotate not automatically rotated?
Preview PDF as image in ranger
Evolution full text searching
Backup Nand Flash memory area
Why can't I define a readonly variable named path in zsh?
exporting man pages to postscript
vhd (virtual hard disk) equivalent in linux
Writing C# in Debian
Unable to start NFS server on Alpine Linux LXC
check if network cable is plugged in given NIC
How to upgrade to Gnome 3.24 in Centos 7?
Create own dead_key
Extracting integer subsequences which begin with a repeated number
Possible to host a parent and child domain on one bind server?
Creating a layer 2 virtual interface, linked via virtual bridge to eth0
wpa_supplicant end process if wrong password detected
Creating text file with content within a mkdir list
Rsync exclude problems
Ubuntu 16.04 keeps saying 'out of boot space'
Find and Replace Colours in CSS Files from Command Line
How do I use `at` to schedule a script to execute on macOS?
Why echo with option -e behave differently in command line vs within sh script?
Can one script signal the execution of another, but delay the start until it has finished?
Saving a modified GPT partition map to a file in GParted or similar tools
Is it possible to run Linux apps on Chromium OS?
Program to instantly host a mysql database from a dump file
SFTP to upload files at cronjob
Centos, uploaded files from application have different owner and group
Trying to get my system running without an initrd
Arch install - Can't install GRUB
Is Fedora Cloud appropriate for testing Linux apps in a virtual machine?
rm: cannot remove Input/output error in part of folder in a permanently mounted NTFS drive
View list of deleted files
Non destructive installation : Ubuntu 13.10 -> Debian 7.2
what are some of the best resources to learn advanced debugging techniques using gdb?
How to change background and text colors in Yakuake?
One ubuntu machine in LAN cannot access internet
Setting up Intel Giga PHY I217V on Debian 2.6.32 kernel
How to FILTER the files with filename and then DELETE the OLDEST file from there?
How to catch hold of Linux basics
X client forwarded over SSH "cannot open display: localhost:11.0"
NFS File Sync on Mount
Files with "core" name
mount.cifs : mount error(12) : Cannot allocate memory
How do I check if a particular hard disk is dynamic?
Can systemd do some setup before forking as a user?
Any Linux distribution with GNUstep?
Documentation on LESS_TERMCAP_* variables?
Live USB linux distro to backup my Windows machine
Delete files in .7z package
Problem with recursive download using wget
How to highlight logs with bash coloring on vim?
Complete system hang on umount and `ls /dev/sd*`
What is chmod 6050 good for
Set default window manager (i3) in OpenSuse
Burned binary files don't match original files
How to make a bootable HDD with GRUB2
How to forward port by (sub)domain name?
Rename file in Mac OS Terminal using Regex
Typical text files present on all (most) GNU/Linux systems?
delete user from group in fedora from command line
I can't login to the graphical interface after a fresh installation of Debian?
Is it possible to create a file with the privileges of other users?
'which' reports one thing, actual command is another
What FreeBSD should I install if I use Intel Pentium 4
Extracting part from a file column
Piping to the command substitution of a string containing pipes
Mac OS X find/grep generating "unknown --devices option"
Convert sqlite output to json
How to allow a bash shell script to loop for 3 retries before exiting (prompt for username/password)
Confirming that a reverse ssh tunnel has been established
Kerberos in Ubuntu system
Conditionally delete a line from file
printing a block of text that matches a pattern
swap windows with dash script
Create an installer that requires a deb, node, and python packages
What are all the places http_proxy can be set?
How to replace single quotes and &apos in a file
How to 'snapshot' a chroot?
How do I add a task bar to my second monitor in Linux Mint?
Does temporary disconnecting of ssh session affect a running program?
Broken pipe error when reading stops
Running an executable from a symbolic link, when the executable expects it's config files to be in it's directory
Verify integrity of EFI file before chainloading
Trouble setting up systemd service on Centos 7 system
How do I write a custom filename completer for specific directories in zsh?
Chromium forgets passwords stored in kwallet after upgrade
Recursive Function not Working
Is MacOS (OSX) a multi-user-operating-system?
I can not update mint
Linux kernel running only with use of physical address
Do entries in /etc/fstab control what points devices partitions are automatically mounted to?
Magic Mouse 2 on Linux
Is it possible to determine the progress of an rm command?
mount defaults and various filesystems
using root to mkdir in another users home directory
How do I get Linux on my sat nav?
Importance of knowing if a standard library function is executing a system call
What distro for my PowerBook G4?
How do I extract the filesystem image from vmlinux.bin?
Linux : Major and Minor device numbers
Why do Unix man pages use double backticks in place of double quotes?
Does alsa depend on the kernel version?
Arch Linux: I get 500 error when trying to open PHP file
Automatically unlock keys on a remote host accessed via SSH
Scripting to domain allocation to server
After researching, still confused about monitoring RAM usage
Installing Linux Mint on Windows-Ubuntu Dual Boot
find is missing a result -- how is that possible?
Sign a module after kernel compilation
CRON job autostart validation
What is the best way to get the latest version of R?
Identify idle or minimized process
Booting Debian 10 "Buster" Only Without Display Manager Neither X Window System
Ethernet router not working on Ubuntu 18.04 system
xterm not rendering fonts correctly
Why a pair of pseudo-terminals?
How to list all the dependencies inside an apk virtual package name?
Raise the Elephant not working with Ubuntu 18.04.3 LTS?
ld.so.preload ignored in Debian 10?
How to scale two displays differently and rotate one of them?
Installation issue in Docker
How to Block all Bots using .htaccess?
Cant unrar a Windows RAR archive
bash problem command not found everytime i open terminal
Use DNS server if available in DnsMasq
Is Desktop Manager compiled with kernel in iso distribution files
Hosts file - accessing Apache server running on remote VM
Recreating a RAID4 / RAID0 array
What is first line written in shell script? What is the meaning of that? If I didn’t write that line what will happen? Then how to run the script?
How do I solve these audio issues?
Run a program when start an activity
Run a script after lid is opened
Nice and child processes
Do IPTABLE rules apply to other devices on a network?
gparted live CD can't resize a partition?
How to change the default line length for od and hexdump
Repackaging a Debian package
Is more or find more resource intensive in finding the number of times an item lists in a file?
How do I execute a remote shell script over SSH and be prompted for passwords by commands that require it in that script?
Trying to create a cron to Rsync then tar the folder
Why do I get error 255 when returning -1
match files based on an md5 using find
How to prevent the auto creation of the "Desktop" folder?
How do I detect whether changes in nano were discarded or saved?
Difference between bootable and non-bootable partitions
Regarding separate a single file into multiple files according to line separation
How to fix "ambiguous package name 'libglib2.0-0'" problem?
Email sent from web server using PHP does not arrive
How can I set these permissions?
Interpreting output from iostat
Deleting files by age
Deciding on a font, and determining the proper notation
Run script as root under Busybox?
debugging iptables when tunneling one VPN through another
What happened to ePDFview‽
grep and print all pattern in one lane
Resuming a DD of an entire disk
Why is grub showing a windows 7 option?
Xauthority problem
Running init.d script produces "start-stop-daemon: not found"
Custom OpenSSL engine when running within Apache via mod_ssl
How to convert SHA to plain text?
script to parse integer and convert it to char code
cut command behaving differently when its output is " * "
"bad array subscript" error when adding entry to an associative array
Launching application without titlebar and window decorations
Deadbeef audio player does not retrieve online (freedb, CDDB) info about CD tracks
udev disk mount permissions in linux
Deleting a file after X days does not work
Get line after match using awk
Format the output of awk command
get `top` output for non interactive shell
What is a *.sorted command and why doesn't it work in my bash?
yum update error in RHEL 5.11
LVM: How to clone thin-volume
How to open Audio CD in Qmmp player?
Linux shell that allows you to choose from tab completion
Generate unique numbers RANDOM function OS X
pam_pkcs11 - Peer's certificate issuer has been marked as not trusted by the user
Cannot add route
Output number of words, characters, or lines in an .doc or .docx document from command line
how to restrict a user to access the file
Colorize Bash Console Color
Using x509 PKI with PGP
Is a persistent zombie process sign of a bug?
How do you compile your own kernel on a RHEL6 system?
Disable "Recently used" in GTK file/directory selector
PGP keyserver and proxy firewall issues
Creating eth0 with consistent network device naming
Perl dependency issue
What does %\/ do (zsh prompt expansion)?
Installing Dovecot and Exim on CentOS 6.4
Mplayer2 stuck when I press XF86Audio keys
bash - reading user variable into bash script grep
VLC - gapless cue support
Kill user processess on logout
Using file system call
Booting encrypted root partion fails after system update
Linux Mint on laptop fails, gives grub error
Replacing Multiple Debian Packages from Compiled Source
Custom key bindings for vi shell mode, ie, "set -o vi"?
Permanent Environment Variable for all users
Fedora won't boot after installing Nvidia drivers
bash script - supervisor program
Grub 'incompatible license' error
Linux, how to change HDD state from ReadOnly after temporarly crash?
Red Hat Network (RHN) and package updates
Fedora 18 doesn't shutdown , restart or sleep / can not unmount all file systems
Determining Linux architecture from files
Understanding when background process gets terminated
Forgot encfs password
I can not get my Realtek 8723 driver source compiled
Installing required libs/frameworks/packages for compilation on OSX
Why is resolv.conf spelled without the 'e'?
What is the service that's responsible for automounting a USB drive in CentOS 6.4?
Using a specifing gateway for a packet. (CentOS/RHEL)
How to log in to BackTrack Linux?
Calendar.vim E492: Not an editor command: Calendar
LINUX: Permissions for files: Identify if it is a file or directory, and its access allowed to the world, user, and group
Why does a software package run just fine even when it is being upgraded?
Split file into multiple small files, separate by the newline symbol
Pass the output of previous command to next as an argument
Running GUI application as another (non-root) user
Setting up traffic router (proxy ?) for production
Parsing csv with sed and perl one-liner?
Script to su -c into a screen is not working as intended
Extracting n characters from a test line
ACPId suspend-to-ram: can you specify waking up using keyboard events?
Preventing deletion of system/shell aliased folders
Duplicity and GPG: charset conversion
Problematic quotations
What is the algorithm that the `iw` command uses for choosing an Access Point for a given Wifi network?
When is using ~+ useful?
Why doesn't `echo abc^H` just print `ab`?
Recover many files using ntfsundelete
Multiple monitors as cloned desktop windows
How can I rewrite the From: address of an email and resend it?
How do I boot from a liveusb using qemu-kvm?
find command in cygwin giving parameter format not correct
How do I run a windows executable in linux shell script?
How do I delete the first n lines of an ascii file using shell commands?
What is a simple way to schedule a single event to happen at some time in the future?
Append line to many files
How to get exact file size and file name?
Resizing windows in i3 using keyboard only
Cant access the shared root directory after a samba update, and cant write file that contains non-ascii characters
Gentooo system mounts readonly, won't boot, services segfault
How can I show current version during dnf update/check-update
How do I check if a directory is locked or not in bash?
Multicasting multiple mdns names
How to Load data to one table from Multiple excel files?
The path to sshd centos
Native Instruments Audio Kontrol 1 - crackling sound
Accidental chown under / as root
Reinstall mysql keeping db intact
I can't install Scientific Linux CERN 5.7 on VMware 9 nor 8
Does the vmlinux header contain the length of the kernel image?
Proper syntax for "id -r" command
Redirecting stdin with stdout to file
SVN wants to commit everything after server re-install
How does Linux know the Location of File Data on Disk
Tailing a New File with an Old Name
Finding all partitions with filesystems
Difference between long running process and daemon?
How to download files with wget where the page makes you wait for download?
What is happening when a script encounters an error in one of the commands?
Delete lines until a header with sed
Difference between sudo su - user and sudo -iu user
Turning off gnome's Function key mapping
How to install tar file (jhead) on Mac or Linux machine
How can I copy a file between server using bsdtar?
Data transfer between ATmega16 microcontroller and Linux?
what's wrong with embedding php scripts inside bash ones?
Watch USB connections vendor id, product id and revision
Getting two fields from same line together
How to enable Virtualization AMD-V Aspire one AO725 from BIOS or otherwise
How to get a specific configuration in youtube-dl?
How to create an array of substrings
Cannot connect to the Docker daemon at unix:///var/run/docker.sock
Hard drive failure imminent - blk_update_request - I/O error, dev loop3, sector 0?
ssh-agent is evoluting on it's own
Manjaro Linux terminal not starting
Why does mkdir not work with wildcards?
Colorize the PS4 prompt?
How to get previous command without arrow key
Encrypted partitions appear as one
Expanding Debian system partition
How to install apt packages to SD card
Enable Protected content in Chromium on Raspbian
Search Key Shortcut Mapping in Linux Mint
zsh with vi-mode: How to keep a command line for future use without executing
Permission through symbolic link
Using Windows + L in xmonad
How to resolve e2fsck Superblock problem?
Putting the output into a table
Port forwarding with iptables not working anymore
grep date and time from txt file for new variables
No such file or directory: /sys/kernel/debug/usb/usbmon/
How to copy log of backup activity?
Setup docker container to communicate with host over d-bus
Ubuntu Core switch WiFi between AP and STA
Why does Ubuntu resolve the name `_gateway` to the default gateway instead of `gateway`?
Upstart services only work on startup
browser script (automation)
How to calculate hexadecimal xor (^) from shell?
Debian GNOME: touchpad settings missing. Use libinput instead of synaptics
Setting old system date
how to search file for begin of string and save a variable
find all files excluding one directory
Why isn't ~/.bash_profile executed when starting Ubuntu?
How does the -name switch to GNU find work when targeting a directory and its contents?
firefox -private sometimes opens a non-private window
Which version of VBOX API does libvirt support?
Combine matching columns from two files, or use default value
Console: Can't type special characters (Ubuntu 14.04)
How to check requested port number in Apache Configuration
Text display issues - certain applications only show a and _
How to add hostname as first line of a file
NFS high availability
To filter out input in lowercase characters
Reload /etc/default/locale without reboot?
ssh_exchange_identification: Connection closed by remote host on vnx machine (linux)
how to recover mistakenly deleted root user line in /etc/passwd
CheckInstall on CentOS
Shell script testing through terminal simulation
Navigating the CLI: replace text from specific character to specific character
IgnorePkg doesn't work for gvim and vim-runtime package
How do I change file/directory permission of a nfs mounted directory, so I access files as user?
Install a basic CentOS VM on Fedora 19 with libvirt
Verify if a hard drive is encrypted on Linux
How can I get a username prompt on Mint 16's login screen?
How can I find the actual (dd) size of a flash disk?
How to restore a DD image file in my primary disk on new debian server
Compare users out of an array with /etc/shadow file
Installing Linux on a single primary partition
Is there some default password for a new user in Linux?
What are the ramifications of running binaries over NFS?
Installing Certain PPAs
How do I redirect output from a command line app (howie AIML interpreter) to another command line app (espeak)?
What's wrong with my AD/LDAP integration?
How to build a basic embedded linux on a Qualcomm router?
/dev/disk/by-uuid/ not working on one machine
How to log commands within a "sudo su -"?
How to cycle clients
How to randomly sample a subset of a file
download multiple files from sourceforge
shebang line not working with cr-lf
Emacs's <C-l> vim equivalent
List of available services
can /boot be on a different drive than grub or lilo?
Disc light comes on when pressing keys in Iceweasel Preferences? Is this malevolent?
Transparent Ethernet over GRE not forwarding traffic
Desktop environment agnostic folder backdrop for wmaker
do changes in /etc/security/limits.conf require a reboot?
Python script run while screen is locked
How to make an alias active in both current session and in .bashrc at same time?
How to calculate the size of a file list (not a directory)?
How to set the default domain for a new Roundcube webmail user?
How do you binarize a colored image?
Loading a kernel driver to a specific memory address
Transform a tar archive's paths without extracting it
where is the user content on a Mac OS X disk?
Debian: Create compressed Harddrive for copy
Utilizing a newer standalone glibc
Why I can't escape spaces on a bash script?
How to run part of a script with reduced privileges?
Can I do a "test run" with rsnapshot?
Inconsistency in behavior of 'rm' when a mounted volume is involved?
How to visualize time-series data?
Two (different) BW numbers in fio output!
rsyslog error in logstash
Is there a way how to persist vncmanager settings for user?
Being 100% sure whether or not there are any encrypted files on the system just by accessing grub during boot
Synapse launcher: what is the difference between the `locate` command and the simple search?
Two Virtaulhost with one IP in Apache2 is not working with Haproxy
"-bash: {}: No such file or directory" using find exec
Check if package is Unix or Linux
How can you change the process name of Wing IDE from python to something more descriptive
Wifi module doesn't work anymore in CentOS
Deleting a pattern from a file and appending it to the end?
using tr -t command [comprehension question]
Replace all the occurences of a term in the files contained in a folder
Can not mount drive after installing windows vista
aptitude search output
Compiling and running Snapper for Ubuntu
Change colors in console/virtual terminal
Wildmenu "closes" when opening a single item directory
chmod allowing write when I am not setting it
How to convert pdf to eBook format
How to run rtl8192cu driver in linux with kernel 3.8?
How to find free disk space and analyze disk usage?
How to view a list of previously run MySQL queries in a live feed format?
What's the best way to have a 169.254.169.254 address local to my laptop?
Determine whether kernel built-in driver supports a device
Skype window doesn't show on Debian 7.0 with Openbox
How to convert a pdf to 4-up in landscape mode (ideally using ghostscript)?
Which data should be excluded from log files , error messages etc. if posted online?
Akonadi floods my .xsession-errors
Failed to sign CSR with the CA root key
can someone fix my PS1 for bash
`cp` permission denied when copy a file owned by `root`
How to clone a read-only portion of /proc file system
Where to put generated certicate for user
Why can't a process change the process group ID of one of its children after that child has called one of the exec functions?
Scrolling impossible while moving mouse - Fedora 28 VM guest on Win10
No Read-Write on Samba Share
awk/sed/perl one liner + how to print only the properties lines from json file
Why have wireless controls disappeared from my GNOME topbar?
After upgrading to 18.04 Ubuntu monitor is unknown
How to download a web page content to a text file exactly as the web page is?
Linux cannot detect windows partitions
Bash assign variable result of bool function, then check
Error during static build of libvorbis and libmp3lame
change one line of different files differently in bash
how to optimize Ubuntu for older hardware
include dot files (.x) with rsync -r command
Wifi drops randomly
Could you explain the following statements on how nonbuiltin commands started by Bash handles signals?
How to change LXTerminal's character encoding?
What mechanism allows the unprivileged graphical session to control the backlight device?
How to know which drivers are missing on my system?
Why does bash exit immediately when waiting for a command to complete and receives SIGHUP for which a trap has been set?
Will permission bits set on a directory on an external hard drive be respected under Windows?
Adding new line after every Nth occurrence of delimiter
rsync --update with symlinks
Why does *.localhost resolve to 127.0.0.1 and ::1?
Fail to mount an external disk on Debian
Using a variable as a case condition in zsh
Files (from packagekit packages) disappeared on Fedora 28 Workstation
When receiving SIGINT, does bash also quit other commands, besides loops (for or while)?
Installing Debian all on one partition, will I be able to upgrade in the future?
Shell Arithmetic Expansion with Quotes
How to disable avahi-daemon without uninstalling it
my home directory appears in my download directory
Having trouble accessing my phone via USB
How to insert newlines into PATTERN when using fgrep / grep -F / grep --fixed-strings
Getting stuck in overwrite mode in Tmux
How to specify the python path for pip?
gnome login fail after a upgrade: oh no something has gone wrong
Fedora 22 & 23 very slow
Tmux status bar flashes command from #() before displaying result
Fedora 25 installation of fdutils missing linux/ext2_fs.h
Limit CPU frequency/usage energy-management style
How do I get socat OPENSSL-LISTE/CONNECT to use IPv4 only?
Rsyslog Forward Custom Log
Ubuntu fails to boot; stuck at initramfs
Use custom log file for S.M.A.R.T errors with smartd?
Override Default PAM Message Prompt
Select drive partition table in preseed file automated Debian install
For a given directory, how do I concatenate the tail end of recently modified files to a new file?
moving a (file | directory) while avoiding filename collisions
Get report of the gui application processes
X11 Issues running with Terminal.app
Difference between Unix OS Types
mysql fail to start bash_completion errors
How does the OS know that a command needs sudo?
Locked out of SSH on LAMP server but have SFTP access
How to use Wireless Network in Virtualbox?
How to append multiple lines to a file with bash, with "--" in front of string
Why are man pages blank for non-root users?
A command showing if I have the right to perform writing?
Secure the content of a hard disk
vim: hide first n letters of all lines in a file
XFCE: image as whole applications menu button, not just icon
emacs org-mode clocktable - clock-in clock-out columns
When using expect: SSHFS Transport endpoint is not connected
Interactive command usage reference: do you generally have that on Unix?
Chrome loses Compose sequences whose last character uses Shift
split a file, pass each piece as a param to a script, run each script in parallel
How to get vimchat to work in linux
List Kerberos principals with valid TGTs
Run job at boot and on a schedule from same crontab
Restore default /etc directory
How to know free disk size witout df command?
Middle mouse button behaviour in Iceweasel (FireFox): paste at *text* cursor
If statement string comparison
Is it able to echo parallel negative numbers in vim?
Where are AFS tokens stored, and how do I get them into running Screen session
What Bash Statement does
How can I download a package and its dependencies for OpenSUSE on windows?
How to use SFTP in a script to non-interactively pull file from remote host?
yum install http://www.example.com/package.rpm vs. rpm -ivh http://www.example.com/package.rpm
Fedora 22 4.1.3 Inspiron 13 7000 Touchpad Not Responding
How to run 32bit executable on OpenSUSE 12.3 64bit?
Remove the ^L (aka \f/FF/form-feed/page-break) character
Encrypt existing disk with LUKS?
grep not matching in nc output
Create authentication when someone accesses httpd in centOs
Operating System not found after installing Redhat 6 on Windows 7
Strange "terminal" appearing
How to programmatically control X11 forwarded apps?
How to turn default Scientific Linux on top of some file system into linux on top of zfs?
error in awk/sed usage of file manipulation line-by-line
Extract specific value from blocks of data
Extract specific value from block of data
How do I get command name of the last executed command?
Device already mounted or resource is busy
authenicate OpenSUSE 10.2 client to CentOS 6.6 LDAP server
Elementary OS Jupiter Skin on Luna
How to get binary representations of strings in Shell?
How to make akonadi stop caching e-mails?
Linux VCP driver for ARM processor
FriendlyARM Mini210s - Installing yaffs2-image failed
Check & filter outgoing mails in Postfix
how to include a new file into a patch
How to start a windows partition from the Grub command line?
Grow/resize RAID when upgrading visible size of disks
How does sudo remember you already entered root's password?
Does the linux kernel (specifically 2.6 onwards) have any recursive function?
Using awk to process ls output with spaces in filenames/paths
Can I write control characters to someone else's terminal?
How do I grep for multiple patterns with pattern having a pipe character?
kexec from within initramfs
How to increase the timer before drive spins-down?
Efficiently delete large directory containing thousands of files
how to obtain a file in an interactive bash shell session
Relating user space actions with kernel code
script to prompt for password for encrypted disks
How to setup shadowsocks client on centos 6.6?
Sharing files between LXLE and Windows 10
How to open a file in the /tmp folder in inkscape?
What is the maximum number of partitions in a hard drive
Is loader for a particular "executable format" configurable in Linux?
How do I activate Network Manager on Debian?
Samba credentials changing when attempting to mount
Virtualbox clients Debian & Raspbian will not completely shutdown?
When running with errexit (-e) how can I expect a nonzero return code and fail otherwise?
Why does `dd` map 200M of virtual address space?
How to show details of error in Alpine apk
Split a text file with customize name and size
Netplan configuration not being applied on Ubuntu 18
How do I add a kdiff3 compare option to Linux Mint Nemo file manager
useradd PAM authentication failed
Auto reload of modified file looses pan position in Zathura
rpm -R verses zypper info --requires
Correct syntax to avoid bash 'ambiguous redirect' message
Many files in folder - time difference while accessing file with fullpath
How to get index value from list in tcl?
How to make sure to get the Main/External IP without regard to network device type/name
SELinux: 'chcon' is not reflected in another user account
Pacman Package manager in LFS
Systemd, change order of unit file starts?
Can the BS option cause data inconsistency with dd?
How to find out which package a user belongs to?
Unable to use python speech_recognition lib Microphone class due to ALSA
php-fpm error unable to bind listening socket for address '127.0.0.1:9003': Permission denied (13)
Make a rpm package from the cpan compatible tree?
how /etc/grub.d/41_custom is supposed to work?
SELinux Enforcing is preventing logging into another user account?
How do I change the case (upper and lower case) of strings in my variable?
Re-initialize a damaged USB stick without recovering data
Show the content of a file in the mail body
Running Chromium on ARM - Failed to load NSS libraries
Window not resizing on gnome shell
Force e2fsck on /var at every boot
Renaming files from prefix and sufix
Is it possible to connect to TCP port 0?
What option specified the location of the generated RPM?
is there a way for solaris system to get every single piece of info of disks?
Tilde on unix:hpux and / or solaris
Flash running in Chromium and FF at once, why no sound in the second browser?
What would be a good choice for an elastic file system (for adding storage at a later date)?
How to scale xvfb?
Simple CLI rss reader, that can print only subject and uri, based on new since time interval
What's the difference between 32 and 64 bit linux?
bulk rename (or correctly display) files with special characters
Where are the mount points defined in CentOS?
find searching in parent directories instead of subdirectories
Use of O_DIRECT on Linux
Multiple Mysql databases backup tool?
Need further explanation on TIME_WAIT
Using an incrementing variable in a bash command line for loop?
Install MySQL from Bash Script
How to upgrade mono on openSuse
Recommended mailing list manager for use with Postfix
Why put some config info in conf/httpd.conf and some in files in the conf.d folder?
What is the difference between LILO and GRUB?
Why would anyone not set 'histappend' in bash?
Need to upgrade svn on centos
Need to upgrade svn on centos
Issues with ardour and jackd
Filtering invalid utf8
How to force 'yum search' to use local metadata/cache?
What's causing VirtualBox OSE to hang my machine?
Why are underscores not allowed in usernames in some distros (Debian for example)
Distributed package repository for Linux?
Is there an easy way to update information in known_hosts when you know that a hosts key has changed?
xorg memory leaks
Excluding a directory when zipping files
Does Fish have a "magic space"?
Indent paragraph of text printed by a bash script
Git not creating merge commit when merging signed/annotated tag
How can I extend LVM volume online
How to export and verify a signed gpg public key?
Do the output of command `tty` and the file `/dev/tty` both refer to the controlling terminal of the current bash process?
Should yum package be removed before installing from source
Are all the slaves paired with the same master?
Garbage collect my gnome-shell memory!
Can a variable's name contain `-`?
ls with a wildcard
ps: error: conflicting format options
How can I use parted to delete lvm and create new extended?
SSH keeps disconnecting after few minutes of inactivity
Kali Linux not updating?
For a process, what are the differences between a controlling terminal and non-controlling terminal?
Does nohup try to arrange for the program not to have a controlling terminal?
fix debian libc-bin
Where is core dumped file by handling SIGQUIT stored?
broadcast and network in netplan
Is there a way for a systemd service to find out a device path and restart if it changes?
Can't install ruby on rails MacOSX
Correct way to set dhcp in netplan
Does Tmux support the Hyper modifier key?
What conditions must be met for a file to be a text file as defined by POSIX?
Finding recursive and non-recursive depends of a package in Debian
Debian Stretch - where did start-stop-daemon go, and how do I get it back?
Gnome - Laptop Monitor Off when Lid Closes?
How to set ansible playbook to reboot servers
Cannot launch Chrome on Ubuntu-14
Where is clamav cron?
Who sends SIGHUP to the controlling process of the pseudoterminal when the terminal emulator terminates?
awk script to list files with specified filenames
How to create a password-protected folder in Linux server?
Is there a command to perform just DNS lookups on a domain name?
Why is bash 'not always' showing the 'Terminated' message after killing a process?
Passing a Y command when using Nid
Why does a daemon have no associated terminal?
How to add an average at then end of a table of values
Applications directory in home directory reappears after deletion
bash scripts: using whitespace
Bluetooth adapter not found Ubuntu 19
The X11R6 path could not be found. Please make sure that an X server is installed
Linux Mint 19.2, Dell XPS 15 9560, and the TB16 Dock's USB ports?
Error While Binding Sshd to Port 2222 During Update on Debian 10 "Buster"
Add a disk to grow LVM Raid5
wrong values with Shell script
Cisco AnyConnect VPN | Keys Not Recognized
A clean way to set a daily running time for a program
pass password prompt from systemd user unit
How does PTS slave communicate with PTM file descriptor?
What is the easiest way to list all the user:group found in a tarball?
Best place to get nVidia driver update for CentOS 5.5
Storing `find` parameters in a variable
How can I randomize file names in a given directory?
How can I set env variables so that KDE recognizes them?
Once sudo su'd to root, is there a command to see my username?
Shift+Ctrl+[Left|Right] to highlight text, then type, ignores the first two characters typed
How do I delete everything in a directory?
Install Git on CentOS 5.5
Using /etc/hosts or iptables to redirect site to https:// version
piped program in sendmail's /etc/aliases
Learn Linux System Programming by doing projects
Task manager keyboard shortcut in Linux?
S3 sleep problems -- nVidia or Intel H67 (Sandy Bridge motherboard) issue?
wireless problem
Why is GNU screen / byobu leaving garbage text in the shell during a reverse search?
Where is the setting that disallows duplicate command history?
Force directory to always be in cache
Cron with a 12-hour issue?
How do I zip/unzip on the unix command line?
SPEC %files attribute and Shell variables
udev rules don't appear to be working
How to connect to a guest VM from the host system?
Why can't I edit links and directories directly?
What is the relationship between wvdial, pon and chat?
How creation of new USB device file in /dev/bus/usb/001/ directory work?
What is the best way to synchronize files to a VFAT partition?
Print 2nd and 7th lines to a file using `sed`
Adding and removing text from the same place on every line of an emacs buffer
GRUB 2 scripting: convert device name in GRUB notation into a Linux device name
Install Arch Linux alongside Ubuntu 12.04
Is possible to have workspace switching via Ctl+Alt+Arrow NON CYCLIC?
Storing the private key password for auto-mounting SSHFS?
glade gtk+2 and gtk+3
Automatically attach a file to a mail with mutt
upgrade Python to 2.7.2
How to start teamspeak 3 on boot, ubuntu server 12.04
Does * match hidden files in tar even with dotglob unset?
Bash's declare -p HISTIGNORE brings bash to a halt! Why?
How do I mount my encrypted private home directory if I forgot the password?
Live noise cancellation of microphone audio with JACK, ALSA, Audacity?
No video with HTML 5 player in YouTube under Iceweasel
Mirror Folder with root Permissions
Kali Stuck at Log in Screen After I Installed Veil-Evasion
U-BOOT error- data abort
How to install opencl in CentOS 7 using yum?
VM host management in case of Linux bridge
move IP address from one interface to another without interruption
Get `scp path/` behave like `rsync path/`
Remove old files in a directory except files present in an exception file
MOD_PROXY with Squid
How to Reflash Toshiba Satellite L855-10P BIOS in a Linux Distro?
Not able to install postgresql in Ubuntu 14.04
Garbage characters when using serial connection over SSH connection with minicom/screen
How to edit command line in full screen editor in ZSH?
How do I move applications between KDE Activities?
BURG menu error
Partition manager that can handle LVM?
What customizations have you done on your shell profile to increase productivity?
Processing bash variable with sed
How to install from a Linux live CD that does not support installing?
Emacs command to cut OR copy to system clipboard?
Copy a file from a nautilus-script to clipboard
Number of files containing a given string
using brace expansion to change filenames, not extensions?
Perl find and replace is writing every file
`chmod 770 folderName` restrics access to subdirectories & subfiles?
Byobu/screen constantly freezes in Putty
Changes to input_get_keycode function in linux kernel (input/input.c)
Can I prevent "Disable touchpad while typing" from affecting mouse movements?
Disable direct login for normal users (like oracle) in linux but allow scp and sftp?
Is chmod behavior wrong for symlinks?
Route VPN gateway traffic via tun0 instead of normal gateway
/usr/bin/ld: cannot find -lfl
set baud speed for tty
Nested lists in man page
Auto-switch to wifi
Partition mounted noexec even though not specified in /etc/fstab
LILO vga option
Use WINDOWS key instead of ALT key in xmonad
Is there a way to determine when a binary was compiled or installed?
Is there a small, lightweight application to have desktop icons like on Windows?
Is there a way to get anti-aliased icons in X, running Linux?
How to convert dd disk image to Clonezilla?
Poor TTY resolution with nVidia driver
do my advanced filesystem partitions have problems?
cpufreq-set -g performance doesn't work on arch linux
build-dep firefox not working on Linux Mint
Solaris "clean" group files (or for that matter any text file)
How to get nano to work properly under mutt?
File name encoding wrong in KDE, but correct in GTK/tty1/
Removing apostrophe from all file names
Execute a script as root at boot on Fedora 15/16
Search through kernel make menuconfig configuration menu entries
Binding lsmod module name with kernel configuration menu entry
How to ensure users can’t login to the system except with FTP?
Understanding tc qdisc and iperf
SOCKS proxy without ssh command
How do I generate a list of the characters occurring before a certain character only in lines that contain another certain character using regex?
What is and how to use PS1 \#
Batch copying/moving files in unix?
How to check downloaded package on OpenBSD 5.1?
How to resize an LVM partition at the beginning
Size of data that can be written to / read from sockets
How to run a job every 6 hours starting at 3:00 using runwhen
How to remove all the panels in XFCE?
Where does Debian store network connectivity history?
How to get green/red terminals under OpenBSD?
Setting up a user for sftp acces into a sub directory of another users home directory
How to get the public key from sshd server without touching the known_hosts file?
UTF 8 filenames?
Compiz in Arch Linux, no window title available?
Use imagemagick to convert opaque color to alpha
Is there a command in Linux to query a hostname from WINS server
How can I save the last command to a file?
Detect pattern repetition in a file
Can't start httpd service due to tampered or incorrect password
Extract range of elements from ith element to jth element, up until nth element from a list
Ubuntu 16.04 - GUI freezes on login start page
How to restrict normal users to run sudo commands only as normal users and normal groups
How can I use regex to extract the text following two conditions into a variable?
How to copy/paste in Gnome-Terminal
Unable to monitor mode and injection work on my wifi card bcm43142
Gentoo Dns and proxy configuration
How to add group to a user without removing other group in suse linux with usermod?
looking for a linux script that can show all hard drive information
Does fstab actively run to detect new filesystems and mount them?
mate-panel --reset command not found
Mount options for BTRFS on an external USB drive
how to replace a character within in a multiple double quoted words within a line using sed?
Remove IP address from interface with VLANs
Automatically prompt to decrypt external LUKS filesystem in GNOME session?
Remove package from installation on hard drive from live CD
How to force A2DP sink when wireless bluetooth headset is connected?
What happens to a unix session when the session leader exits?
Create Palette Image with Multiple Rows Using ImageMagick
How to know in advance if a .zip has a parent directory inside
How to make any program work with the tee command?
getting the error when using sed in a loop- sed:no input files
AFS not working after Upgrade to Debian 9
rcu_sched detected stall on CPU
The double quotation used with the matched value with the parameter -name in find
Cannot connect to SMTP server
Error while loading shared libraries: libicuuc.so.59: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
What is the correct way to add single user binaries to $PATH?
How remove or fix broken symbolic link?
Use of sed with double quotation
change user to sudo(root) after login to other server
Where can I find keyboard key combinations that enter non-printable terminal characters?
Is it possible to put a real IP on a loopback device?
How to find scheduling policy and active processes' priority?
Krename: how to restart numbering for every folder?
Which is better between a for loop and while loop for Korn shell
Make Apple Keyboard Settings persistent in ../hid_apple/parameters/
Why does ZFS not report disk as degraded?
Can't login via ssh using public key
rsyslog.conf rule for dmesglog doesn't work
EDID is not loading from /lib/firmware
Why did wireless tools version 30 become a permanent beta?
Mount Error 13 - Permission denied 8 (zenworks)
Linux Mint kernel damage
I'm looking for a text editor that I can access from a browser on a different server
How can I run glances over ssh?
Can NetworkManager temporarily not manage a modem device completely?
ls ignore "no matches"
If Condition operator: unary operator expected when undecalared variable is provided
How to know which flavor of netcat I'm using?
Disk space problem when migrating a VPS to another cloud infrastructure
Creating a private network for internal VMs
How much RAM is there?
Does my VM need to be on the same LAN IP range to ping?
Removing a directory from PATH
How do I check what 'normal' users are there on the system?
Am getting a blank screen during installation stage of Arch Linux
What Linux utility can split a large file into a multi-file archive that can be opened on Windows?
How do I ensure that a terminal remains scrollable?
Why is the temporary system needed to build a Linux from Scratch?
I'm moving up from managed hosting to a VPS. What do I need to know?
Scrollability of text when using tmux?
Unable to login as normal user on CentOS
Is it possible to use libc at the bootloader stage itself?
How can I check if a gzipped file is empty?
I get a "permission denied" when I try to access my ssd's
tmux pane resizing does not work
How to run a command once the first time the OS is used?
Set standard file browser for "open containing folder"
Prevent starting processes automatically
Installing udisks2 ejects sdcard
What happens when I run `su` as root?
properly using the $ atom in a parameter substitution
Delete new kernels /boot full
vsftpd closes conntion with code 421 when listing directory content
simultaneous mounts of devpts
How to check if wifi is on Hotspot (AP) mode
Leap second Bug 31st Dec 2016
rsync --update and symlink did't copy the most recent version
CUPS printing protocols: what's the difference between RAW/JetDirect - IPP - IPP14 - LPD?
Systemd invocation parameters
one simple little "cd" doesn't work in script
How can I review some release notes?
Onscreen keyboard in chrome on a touchscreen laptop running with Gnome?
How to use 'awk' to determine the maximal value in multiple subsets of data within a file?
How can I restore the Bash prompt?
mhddfs filesystem hangs after a while with large directory
Why is xargs -n 1 so slow for long lines
Reading from keychain failed with error: 'No keychain service available'
Why are there so many localhost variations in default /etc/hosts?
Can I safely ignore: "warning: command substitution: ignored null byte in input"?
Make user made entries in /etc/hosts permanent
Apache behind proxy: bypass Auth Basic for some ip
Set LZMA compression level via tar
The performance difference between a command that does the same thing
How to know when my password will expire?
How to push a new branch to remote git with commit message
the most minimal Debian/sid installed with debootstrap?
routing problem - arp
VIM: What's the quickest way to return from typing :w<enter> in insert mode?
User settings for monit? Should it run as root, or it's own user?
what does star in passwd file mean?
Multiple files - awk command filter
How to add new lines when using echo
Can I make cross-computer sharing compatible with tinfoil-hat security (password managers, email, etc.)
Why does "cp -R --reflink=always" perform a standard copy on a btrfs filesystem?
How to pass an argument from a bash script to 'x-terminal-emulator -e bash -c'?
Help with a AWK function
how to go mouseless
Compile mex files for spm12 in Matlab r2012a student version
Create an ARGB struct for C header from a PNG
Mutt authentication fails because username string is malformed
How can I confirm download status for yum update on RHEL5/CentOS5?
XZ - Cannot allocate memory
How to number a string in each line of a file
bash expanding to same value instead of line by line value in sed command
The Deny the permission of mounting any drives to a user
Best way to make variables local in a source'd bash script?
How to reset $PATH on CentOS 6.5
Reload network interfaces without rebooting
Viewing Multiple Data Streams From Application
Can't set xrandr brightness and gamma correctly
Network Configuration for Rocks Cluster
How to apt-delete-repository?
Why does man page completion fail after su?
Network Install Debian on a VLAN
Troubleshooting GSS-API error on one client authenticating to Kerberos
Caps Lock LED not working
How to deny access for virtual directories in .htaccess for all IP, and accep for 1 IP?
grep also returning non matching lines
htop CPU time vs top CPU time
How I can install Debian Xfce 4.12 in Debian 8
Why is my WiFi card unclaimed by drivers in UbuntuMATE?
Booting kernel (FIT image) with no rootfs
Linux kernel GRUB/boot issue?
Kernel parameters "console" and "earlycon" refer to old hardware?
WiFi suddenly stopped working
apt-get commands won't return
cyrus-imapd & SSL
Problem overriding ACL for default group ownership
confused with awk and shell variables
Can you build apt-get from source?
How to check and run a script if it's not running?
Flocking a filedescriptor in a shell script
How to tell stateful vs stateless firewall with nmap ACK scan
Why is it not possible to connect to my server using RSA from an Ubuntu machine?
Is there any way to impose user validation with yum?
how can I see if my cron is running and doing the job?
No sudo after using `visudo -x` option
Executing multiple commands in init.d script
How does Dolphin discover the disks to mount?
In pfSense what is the meaning of the "Target Categories" and "Target Categories for off-time" columns in the Groups ACL Screen?
How do I record all terminal input and output to a local file by default for each session?
Bad resolution on second monitor Fedora 24
User home directory
Error running Octave in Ubuntu 16.04
iwconfig wlan0 txpower 20 does nothing | Atheros card
Manipulate du's output to get a custom printout
How to remove icons from buttons
How to call a script after every bash command
Reason for security software to not scan directories with more than 10,000 resources in them?
What is the purpose of nodev?
Replace text quickly in very large file
How to remove a row if the difference between two columns is less than 2000
Long running script stops sending output to file
What do these arguments to the login command do?
How to remove symbols from a column using awk
What is the difference between getty and agetty?
grep a awk string from a file and write to the other part of string file
Count the number of files with yesterday's date in ls's output
Packages kept back during apt-get upgrade
Get header of the C function from BASH
Linux server able to wget but not able to ping
Why does ping run forever by default in Linux?
Running chown in bash script produces errors
How to prevent bash from transforming arguments?
Where to place application files in embedded linux deployment?
Unix sort function doesn't completely sort string with numbers
How to change shell from script
How do I turn entire stdin into a command line argument verbatim?
Are there some ways to install a smaller new linux on a older one?
How can I access my account and files from all computers
Schedule (Cron) executing tasks based on bash scripts using CronniX
Making systemctl to shutdown process gracefully
How to store a variable that increments by the index?
Looking for a map of the xinit/startx rabbithole
How do I correct for overscan when using the nouveau display driver?
One systemd service depend on another
mod_evasive : White-listing causing to not having Access Logs?
How can I exit i3 without using a mouse?
i3 toggle to and from workspace?
How does xargs know when a stdin input ends, so that it can start processing it?
What is polkitd doing when running ssh?
Inspect unit status for user-units with systemctl as root
Can i3's assign be used to move a program to the scratchpad?
Does Konsole permit launching a terminal with a custom font-size on the command-line?
Ansible - Add a word to a specific line in a specific part of that line
Broken fonts after upgrading Firefox ESR to latest Firefox
Does tmux support session initialization?
How to see the file revisions in Tux3 and NILFS?
G-Sync on Linux -- how to get it working?
Getting error while using httpd -v command in script
Working /dev/ttyS0 but can't transfer binary (one serial but two drivers Com1/Com4)
Does Rsnapshot work on Fat32 filesystem?
How can I use ForwardAgent with keychain, or detect a new login?
How to save current command on zsh?
How can I prevent 'grep' from showing up in ps results?
Watch goes blank on refresh
How to unset range of array in Bash
How to encrypt my system such that suspend to RAM works and is also encrypted
how to change `rm` to as a command like `mv ~/ .trash`
Installing Simon Listens on Linux Mint
Wrap command in the prompt
Upgrade MySQL 5.0.88 to 5.1.69
xmodmap causes incorrect keyboard shortcuts
iptables... blocking a range without flooding ipset set with IPs
How can I easily configure samba share in Debian Wheezy?
Networking and Samba from a quest OS running on qemu
emacs elpa load packages
Hybrid code in shell scripts. Sharing variables
What does it mean each process has a current directory?
How to limit administrative privileges to various config files?
Why don't find and locate search /bin?
Moved some files unable to use mv now
SSH is suddenly not working anymore: "Write Failed:Broken Pipe"
how to delete temp and log files with terminal on vps?
How to know when a device is ready
How do I less a filename rather than an inode number?
No monetdbd installed on linux64 (opensuse 12.2)
Mounting external HFS+ device with truecrypt - read only file-system
How to do custom build of git with portage
ffcast ... howto save the output to a predefined location?
Unable to boot ISO files from PXE GRUB menu
Replace each letter in a .txt with the letter six positions later
Failed to build setup.py on Arch Linux
IPTABLES does not drop incoming DNS packets
bash script - preventing terminal invocation
Trouble with Linux Mint installation USB - in UEFI mode boots to grub terminal
Elastic Stack 7.4.0 | Filebeat CEF Module | mapper_parsing_exception
Extracting data from a file with Bash script
How to encrypt an 8TB disk with Veracrypt with hidden partition?
Access nth subdirectories depth and count files
Keyboard mapping
How can I check which is the installed version of a package if with dpkg -l it says is installed in all architectures?
how to replace xml file tag value
uninstalled program in PATH
Allow non root user to execute a binary file owned by root
Allow C program to set IP as non root
How to open SSH port 22 to connect medusa to my router ip
Almost all my apps can't save some of their settings from run to run
Nomenclature for LAN reverse DNS?
How does htop calculate times? (Impossible times shown)
Create an NTFS read-only file on Windows which would also be read-only on Linux
KDE Neon: black startup screen with only cursor. Forgot login credentials for Alt+Ctrl+F2 tty terminal
Unable to extend mount point using lvextend
Cannot modify system configuration
no pacman upgrade possible
How to list all non-environment variables in bash?
LXD Container not accessible
Trying to write a script to find ORF from 6 different frames
After suspend screen gets distorted kde
debian 9, apt-get install php7.3, you have held broken packages?
Linux with raspivid
Error with fetchmail and SSL certificates
Resolve missing package dependencies when trying to install octave