Keyboard Fn problem on  Samsung netbook
Install CentOS from hard drive - kernel panic
User authentication over Dante proxy server
Swap Utilization Increase with Oracle Coherence
'pkglibexecdir' is not a legitimate directory
Problem accessing robots.txt from search script
fakeroot cdebootstrap: Failed to unshare: Operation not permitted
pulse_output failed to play: suspended
Bash output command too large, can't read it!
Bash script with conf file with unknown number of sets of variables
Why are RDP clients on Linux much slower than on Windows?
Who is this UID and GID?
Variable expansion inside parentheses and quotes
Why can't I change runlevel from 1 to 5 in my Debian 7.8?
Is there a way to disable recursive make?
Log crontab shell script errors with error occurred time?
Understanding the relation between FreeBSD kernel configuration file and actual device
How to create a new line?
unix file is corrupted
Unable to install new kernel in ubuntu server. "gzip: stdout: No space left on device" error even though abundant disk space
How to un-commit a file in git?
USB install of Linux Mint - only shows up as a single partition but i've ran out of space
How to use tty allocation to run GPG through SSH?
eth0: supported ports
Sort installed applications according by usage frequency?
How to properly start and stop shell script in linux, busybox?
How to record Skype calls (audio) on Debian 6?
Extract some portion from line with regular expression
`dd` is running at full speed, but I only see 20% disk utilization. Why?
Does running exec do anything?
fetch dependencies while install deb with ansible
JAVA_HOME environment variable in arch Linux
Why does inxi report that I am using the nvidia (which is deinstalled) and not the nouveau driver?
Use grep command to read a file from specific line number to end of file
Bubble sort arrays that contain strings
hidden files and directories warnings
install Debian to NVMe SSD: unable to install GRUB in dummy
Static route added with nmcli not showing up
How to track down reason of suddenly appearing non-termination of a programme, while with `strace` it terminates?
Mount command breaks when put into script
How do I get my sound working?
How to setup DNSSEC in BIND on CentOS?
Remove top shadow from the screen - Ubuntu Xfce
Who runs the interpreter for files that are execute-only?
Execute command on shell command output
X won't start on Debian Testing, Asus TP210S laptop
Why do I have to run dhclient on boot?
how to do redhat7.5 hardware compatibility test?
How to fix or retrieve data from an NTFS partition that was (re-)formatted with gnome-disk?
LVM partitioning on multiple disks using preseed script
sh: d2j-dex2jar.sh: No such file or directory
Total memory vs memory per CPU vs memory per process
Systemd hangs when attempting shutdown
How install Phpmyadmin on linux lite (ubuntu based)?
Laptop shutting down during Linux startup
Button scrolling only as a fallback?
Correct quoting in eval
How can I kill my custom bash 'for loop' function with a keyboard shortcut?
What causes Make to delete intermediate files?
Linux Elementary - Keep custom applications in Plank
Is there a tiling WM that allows to place a common background window for all workspaces persisting the ability to use tiling algorithms?
How to swap columns in a tsv file, while keeping the tab delimiter?
systemd-nspawn/machinectl and macvlan
Remove MIME description from mutt pager
Shell - unzip file and set permission for all files
If - Else statement: determining whether the user is the administrator
How do I create a named set of strings in nftables (for interface names)?
I want to update the 4th column of file1.csv by referring 4th column of file2.csv
Append mth and nth columns of a file with the columns of another file
tgt daemon not working properly
Running python script, error appears
How to safely delete a system partition?
Issue with ':' character in Bash script over SSH
how can I run old programs from a MIPS?
How to run no more than n parallel subshells
I can't get flash plugin to work on Centos 6.6
Remove a directory from inside using the command line interface
Get Name of Computer Cross-platform?
How can I display unique words contained in a Bash string?
Running su inside mount namespace
Zsh clear scrollback buffer
Disable command name autocorrection
Clarification on the gpg command (No such file or directory)
DDRescue Rescue Rate Concern
Short command or alias to copy last command to clipboard
VMware iso not found
Routing specific user/application through VPN only
Playing Starcraft using WINE completely freezes Manjaro
How to send output to two log files
Bash Script - Get result of `(.*)` (dot star) in grep regex
Sed not finding file if it's quoted
Unable to change to 16:9 screen
Why does hexdump try to read through EOF?
Linux freezes after reboot/shutdown
boot into FreeNAS using 32bit EFI (not BIOS)
How to use both syn proxy and connlimit rules with iptables?
Convert serialized Java object to human readable
bash find: get directory of found file
"E488:Trailing Characters" error in Vim after typing :<F7>
Read line from file then delete
Understanding directory symlinks traversals and the parent directory
Linux: how to run a program with rw access to only a folder
Boot process - Dev sdX name changes
setxkbmap command and set local keyboard
How to get UUID of filesystem given a path?
How do x-compile and install X11 on ARM?
Why PhpStorm hotkeys (Ctr+Alt+Left, Shift+F6) not works with xfce4 desktop environment?
Laptop restarts after lid closed
Is there way to see `man` document only for specified option of a command
How to measure network traffic (with pfSense/freeBSD)?
Equivalent of Java's String.getBytes() in Unix Shell (Cygwin)
Linux mint - How to reinstall sound drivers
vmware starting failed in kali linux
How to accomplish print link action of LaTeX in Linux Adobe?
Extract third group of text from range delimiters
Debian Audio Issue
Mixed uppercase and lowercase in a word
Switch-User is not functional on lightdm
/dev/kvm permission denied in vnc session
Can only start VNC sessions with sudo
Running a script with systemd on shutdown or reboot
ansible role: Why do I have to set user.email in etckeeper?
gcc cross compilation fails
Rsync: How do I sync only certain filetypes from certain directories?
Dual Boot System File Issues with /Etc/ Hosts and Profile
How to display inline images in a terminal that update on scroll with w3mimgdisplay
Why does my laptop get very hot when using live Knoppix DVD?
calculate response time from log timestamps entries
Re-building Linux kernel without "clean"
How to pass a string that specifies columns to be printed to awk?
What is DRPM and How does it differ from RPM?
Minimum ram we can achieve with Linux only blinking led
xdg-open keeps using Konqueror
syntax error near unexpected token `then'
How to uninstall all RPM in a directory?
How to chain a shell command off a non-child process exiting without a race condition?
Why does 'tree' command ignore directories but not files
PHP Failing to connect to Postgres on CentOS 7
apt is slow all of a sudden on debian
IMX28 - I2C - Failed to send SELECT command!
grep pattern and the content after that, and remove others
port 1556 listening on tcp6 causing issues
Download just one port from the Ports Collection of FreeBSD
How to write a shell script using terminal?
How to restore network access after accidental removal of network packages
Change between `quarterly` and `latest` package set used by `pkg` tool in FreeBSD
mount a subdirectory without intermediate mount
Can I use << EOF but let user complete the input
Race Condition for Shell Blocks in Bash?
firefox-locale-en not removed after apt purge firefox
Setting PulseAudio playback device before playback
tell dnf how to reference an installed library
Read text lines between two strings
Are there superset/subset relations between the sets of permissions of user owner, work group and other for a file?
Is `/etc/X11/xorg.conf` deprecated?
Permanent connection to a chinese ip
Counting number of lines in file regardless of line ending char
Windows (steam) games
shell script for moving selected files from one directory to another
What are the list of different type of caches in Linux file systems?
Swap Total and Swap free 0K total
How does FreeBSD track files installed via ports?
The "-zoom" option slows down mplayer
sed or awk: search between two pattern, and, change word in second place
How does failing hardware cause a kernel page fault (fatal trap 12)?
What is the difference between localhost and localnets in named configuration
password protection for logrotate compression
Run a command in the background but also concatenate other commands to it?
should I disable both systemd and sysvinit to disable a service from run level?
Logrotate not working as expected
I have cloned my main diskdrive by dd but
"dd" Utillity Copied More Than Expected
Unable to mount a shared folder on VirtualBox?
trap on command exit not working unless used in a function or sub-shell
Find of symbolic links point to the same target
insert new lines into a csv file obtained via curl on an api
rsyslogd as a session leader
How did GNOME avoid mounting my Windows Recovery USB drive?
Replace a line in a text file but only where it is preceded by a specific multi-line pattern
error: disk lvmid/... not found Entering rescue mode
How to capture contents of line up to certain string?
zsh path/file name completion on -file= arguments
How do I make a pcmanfm right-click desktop entry work only for the Desktop folder?
How could I add nohup to a bash command set?
lxterminal in the netstat output
odroidxu4 changing default uart2 to uart0
AMD Radeon driver on mint 18
How to prevent word splitting without preventing empty string removal?
Save dual monitor setup on KDE debian 8
When and how was the double-dash (--) introduced as an end of options delimiter in Unix/Linux?
Debian Wheezy live - gparted, dmsg, fdisk etc. do not detect local hard drive but it is shown during installation
Replacing lines containing a pattern with sed
How to detect a working ttyUSB for my usb modem
Writing a Bash script to run and end at specific times
Change to the last modified subdirectory of the current directory
DNS works half of the time in Oracle VirtualBox and I can't even maintain /etc/hosts file
How to enable swap accounting for memory cgroup in Archlinux?
awk + gsub + how to work with all kind of characters
Headless use of open office or libreoffice in Ubuntu 14.04
netstat shows an ESTABLISHED connection with no process
All directories wrongly identified as git repos in zsh
Solid State drive vs. traditional hard disk in a virtual server environment
Users withouth password (at least for login)
How to create a .deb that deals with different init systems
Parsing HTTP response with shell
How can use two variables in one loop
i want to remove tag in xml when it is repeating multiple times
Text processing - Building a slurm topology.conf file from ibnetdiscover output
Vim: copy, then paste more than once
Is i386 multiarch support broken on amd64 Debian Sid?
Other than /etc/rc.conf what other config files control system services at boot time?
OpenSMTPD Configuration Problem
Scrambled Xen Console on dom0
How to setup russian input method in Mint 14 xfce 64-bit?
Duplicate instances within Gnome menu
Unable to make sshd start at boot time on centos 6.4 . It starts ONLY after I login from console
Deleting files on btrfs through smb
Vim - loop through files in cope
How to install multiple glibc on fedora
Burn remote data on to a disc
Decreasing mouse sensitivity at kernel level
Printing Latex source with a2ps
Why could mount.cifs mount an empty folder?
How to add RAID5 to existing crypto-LVM?
unable login solaris box
How to find out UUID of a non-block USB device?
Need general guide on how to build Linux Stream (LiS) under RedHat 6.2
yum install package without updating other packages or fail...?
start_daemon fails with exit code 7
Drawbacks of increasing number of inodes in EXT4
Something's special about /dev/fd/3
how to automatically cleanup failed PHP uploads in /tmp?
Indirect SCP connection
How to launch a program in text only mode if it support silent running
postfix/smtpd: warning: connect to Milter service unix:/var/run/opendkim/opendkim.sock: No such file or directory
Suspend and edit previous single line commands
/usr/bin/env: zsh -: No such file or directory
Is there a postexec/predisplay hook for ZSH?
X.org: two 'Screens' on one 'Device'
Comparison of forbidden symbols and names in different FS's
Checking if a passphrase is able to decrypt symmetrically encrypted files
Single process accessible temporary file
Can't delete system email
Yum install not working
wpa_supplicant store password as hash (WPA-EAP with phase2="auth=PAP")
Upgrading dpkg on 64-bit debian
Disk Partitioning - Can't create partition
Cannot open GUI after ssh -X and chroot
How to write udev rule that matches a device's interface attribute(s)
Arch Linux legacy installation generating grub configuration file doesn't detect linux image
Selinux and Docker file creation context
hg actions appear to abort on FreeBSD VM: wcache owned by root
Installing arch, grub can't see any linux img
How do I resize this AWS EC2 ubuntu 18 instance from 16GB to 100GB
Printer can print test pages and images, but PDFs are stuck on "processing"
Locked out of sudoers file [OSX] ("<user> is not in the sudoers file. This incident will be reported.")
How to correctly use Linux "at" command to execute a shell script that runs a matlab script?
Sed command not working in a bash script, but works interactively
Set up xdmcp for remote desktop forcing udp v6 with gdm
devices on genymotion cannot be started
Is "xinput set-button-map" the only way to remap mouse buttons?
My bash script spawns a terminal in which I want to run some commands. How do I identify the terminal by name in my script and run commands in it?
Finger command (which file, finger command getting the line of text)
Unable to remove the unwanted messages(especially Auditbeat) in my centos server
Sed with regular expression and fixed part
How to create iso file of my current MX linux?
Set process exclusivity in Linux
Choosing Linux Distro for PostgreSQL
KUbuntu 10.04 / Dolphin File Manager: Is there a way to make .desktop files display the filename the same as the NAME= in the metadata?
VirtualBox networking host-only: Linux host XP Guest
Using cp, what is the difference between copying to DEST and DIRECTORY?
Pamd not mounting ecryptfs disk anymore since upgrade
SSH into Ubuntu VM remotely
How to solve "building the main Guest Additions module Failed"
No syntax coloring in vim for me, but ok for my students
How to find the total number of occurrences of text and files with find command
How to add a line to a file which has only root write permission and to continue the script execution
Why can't ld find this library?
Why do Mono applications only start from their own directory?
How to copy with SCP between two servers using key auth?
Which component does the Linux bug "reboot instead of shutdown" have?
bashrc function to create a folder every month and switch XDG_DESKTOP_DIR to it
RHEL 7 Repository Question
How do I install docker on RHEL 7 offline?
Nested command groups do not produced nested process groups?
ssh reverse tunnel & gateway ports: forwarding users real (public) IP address?
Remove All Packages from task-kde-desktop [Debian Stable/9]
traceroute, only print gateway information
How do I remove multiple special characters from a file?
Why is my switch not getting an address from the specified pool
Reading output of command into variable in shell, splits text at every white space not just newline
Can $PAGER contain spaces?
less -S not working
Which filesystem should I use in an SD card on a NAS?
How do you use rpmbuild to make an rpm package when there are file not found or permission errors?
Why is it sometimes necessary to manually import keys?
Xargs `-J` Option
SSH X11 forwarding only works when using trusted
To overcome differences in format of ifconfig Ubuntu16.04 and Ubuntu17.01
unexpected results from `service | grep`
get number of lines which has particular record from last hour log
clear the filters added in `top`
systemctl command not working in RHEL 6
why yum update skipped 1000 package for dependency problems?
Zorin OS, can't boot from USB
Create dedicate folder for log files and make sure the apache logs are redirected
What is the difference between xspice and x11spice?
How to insert and delete text in vi on Debian 9
Remove all character after non ascii charater in all column
Inability to Halt/Reboot/Shutdown
rsyslog is still sending messages to omusrmsg even after using `stop` command
run pm2 from remote shell script
What causes this behavior when defining a function named ':'
Recursive comparison and deletion (without rsync or hashing)
How to Include the Common ACL Rules in a Group ACL in the pfSense Squid Guard Package?
Unrar specific files using wildcards
Turn off resolve peers in uTorrent server (utserver)
Adding permanent routing
how to keep oldest file in same directory
Run OpenGL application installed by Nix package manager
Understanding file systems and mount points as seen from df and Nautilus
Arch Linux can't connect to x server
How to build 32-bit application on 64-bit system using Nix package manager?
How can I launch the tutorial for the GNU info pages?
Why is find not listing matching files when preceded by an asterisk(*)?
How to give a particular use's privileges to another user in Debian?
How to scroll GNU info pages without unexpectedly jumping to the next node?
Unix/Windows dualboot OS-dependent file
Chroot into a different architecture?
What does set command without arguments do?
udev: How do you identify the physical device that a sys device belongs to?
moving columns across rows
Can I redirect output to a log file and background a process at the same time?
What does the package UPower output if on a desktop
latexmk with emacs only runs once instead of twice
How can I separate these two outputs using awk command
Setuid bit seems to have no effect on bash
Grep to search directories for patterns inside a text file
Can I share /usr/local between multiple Linux distributions?
Do you recognize this audio panel?
What difference between openssh key and putty key?
Can I duplicate my Apache server settings on a new Linux install?
Was my CPU kinda broken?
Dual boot windows 8 and Ubuntu 13.04 & Broadcom Compatibility
Can't install anything
sed pattern space and hold space
Change sampling rate in ALSA
samba 4 force user
Rename multiple files in UNix directory
vim shortcut to open a file under cursor in an already opened window
sed, getting an error: sed -e expression #1, char 28: unterminated `s' command
Make a tmux pane 80 (or so) columns wide
xmllint shell not showing number from count xpath expression?
How do i WGET an image from a webaddress and store it on a remote ftp location as a cronjob on dd-wrt
Transfer a Fedora system to another computer
Is Linus Torvalds a hacker?
*ERROR* timed out waiting for panel to power on
Portions of the file Header
openvpn logrotate
Who cuts off first symbol of process substituted file and for what reason?
How to open process substituted file from php?
Use xdg-open to open a url with a new process
Is it possible to specify groups in /etc/security/capability.conf?
New LCD screen with random black screen
Problem with LVM2 VolGroup on Rebuild Software Raid
Docker IP forwarding for bridged container with Apache
Want the terminal output (stderr and stdout) of the previous command executed in terminal
How to delete a record, a special value in Unix with the comma separated file n
Which shell is this?
Kernel Panic - Not syncing : VFS: unable to mount root fs on unknown-block (0,0)
pppd says no ifupdown configuration found
How to combine a first line with several next lines?
Seemingly good account unable to login
When installing packages from non standard repos to update original ones, is it necessary to remove the original ones?
Does zeroing out fix damaged bits?
dm-crypt --type plain on usb device that changes the drive letter
Is it possible to pass commands as variables to a --dialog script?
Corrupted USB Media
sed command giving Argument List too long error
Replace using sed not working as expected
Inconsistent CPU Usage in Top
Merge CSV Files based on ID even when Unmatched IDS and Indefinite Number of Columns
nbtstat command
qemu GPU Passthrough error 43 Windows and dmesg errors
Diff identifying html files as binary
any reason to NOT "alias reset=tput reset" in .bashrc?
How to execute multiple commands from an input file and string it to a new output file
dpkg and egrep on Ubuntu 18
Set up nfsroot for GRUB PXE
rsync failed: Permission denied (13) cygwin
Extract lines from files with names begining with given letter
Mounting temporary swap partition on boot
Should booting the same Live OS behave the exact same way on the same machine?
Changing LUKS password
Restart systemd .service with .timer unit
How to Search & Replace a phrase in many HTML files at once? (Using a terminal)
How to detect exact spec of my disk on a cloud server?
Unable to delete a file
"Packages have unmet dependencies" but I don't want to install these packages anymore. How do I clean this?
how to remove all double quotes from csv except specific field
Preserve formatting when command output is sent to a variable?
Chrome OS: Crosh Window and Hostname
Patterns and file processing
Create a new command for mutt
Ping multiple hosts and execute command
Birthday reminder
how to get the basename of complicated files
How to kill a process in shell script which is running through cron?
Test execution output of a command before a pipe
Piping the output of ls or tree to less loses colors?
how do I configure stunnel to serve https
How do I learn what I can do with /proc and /sys
What is the Fedora equivalent to the Debian/Ubuntu package search pages?
Best way to remove bytes from the start of a file?
Can I identify my RAM without shutting down linux?
How to specify where files are transferred to using ssh
A page documenting usage of various package managers
vim - but with scrolling, clickable text, and copy-paste
How to search for official RHEL packages
How do I upgrade OpenSSL?
"Split I/O"s on a Linux VM, disk alignment
Linux Distro for use as Wireless Infrastructure Basestation
Add files to an iso image and auto run a script post installation
Can I create override dns similar to writing in /etc/hosts without root access
What is making my cursor 'randomly' disappear when using gnome-teminal?
How can I add man page entries for my own power tools?
Strange messages on (un)installation
How to be notified when a USB device was plugged in?
Pass xargs argument as a string to another command with '>'?
What is the first chmod octal digit in a four-digit value for?
Is there a tool that can monitor bandwidth usage of a single process?
There must be a better way to replace single newlines only?
KSH styling text based menu  using STDERR
fetchmail to log complete messages AND pass to mda
How to capture images transferred via HTTP?
how to setup virtual box guest additions (drivers) on systemd system (exherbo)
change environment of a running process
Fedora 14 command line: assign folder permissions
How to get the hostname along with the domain name?
Difference between /etc/init.d/networking restart and invoke-rc.d networking restart
How to run xrestop remotely?
DD-WRT and /bin folder permission
SMTP Auth - SASL on Dovecot, Postfix and CentOS 6.2 (and Open-Xchange)
OpenSUSE version of arandr
Convert to postscript format using the Backend command before sending to a printer
Logging hidden file creations
Why does the i386 version of software get installed on an x86_64 system?
udev randomly mixing up ethernet devices on Debian Squeeze
ipsec auto --status fails in cronjob
Can't set brightness of screen Acer Aspire S3
NFS Option Reload without Service Restart
What causes ln: //: Is a directory?
What happens if a cron script tries to copy a directory at the same time as another process is writing to it?
Commands for Auditing Installed Software
What is a reliable way to automate FTP upload of 'the newest file in directory X'?
Difference between Oracle VM and Citrix XEN?
Is it possible to create a directory and file inside /proc/sys?
VMware Tools repo
Unable to resolve hostname
Why `paste file1 file2 > file1` will replace content of file 1 with that of file2?
Mimo 2G USB Monitor and cheap computer (Raspberry Pi?)
Don't create partition schema in external devices
Restore ZFS Pool and storage data after a system re-install
How can I list installed packages on a Debian based system that are NOT part of the base distribution
Check pow of 2 with restriction
Cannot change the environment variable
Wait for a particular duration before automatic option selection
How to connect PHP 5.6 to SQL db after compilation
/bin/sh: clang++: command not found
resolv.conf + is it necessary to defined the domain in resolv.conf
How to extract lines when two columns strings are not equal
Deny specific users in VSFTPD
RHEL: syntax errors with bash script
How to remove acpi warnings
Linux + how to capture the OS disk device
Tmux window switch and SSH - reattach display
Will dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/sda wipe out a pre-existing partition table?
How does a EC2 machine prevents ssh root access with a warning?
How to avoid modprobe error could not insert floppy with dracut-pre-udev?
Does output redirection to a block device overwrite bytes or whole blocks?
Add a backing device to an existing bcache device
What does Super-O do on Linux Mint?
How can I manage anaconda post install output visible on install console?
Wrong fs type, bad option, bad superblock on /dev/sdX
Corrupted Manjaro GRUB boot at new RX 580 graphics card video-linux driver install
Grep without duplicates?
Prevent Debian from auto-enabling systemd services at package post-install
Developing Mozilla Firefox for Linux on Windows
ssh & local root login works with invalid password in Debian 9
Do the Firefox children processes correspond to number of tabs?
Threats found in /dev/fd
A question about DNS zone configuration file
Is it possible to get which process changed my file
How to use sed regex to replace to words related to each other and one character between them
Exim does not use /etc/hosts
How to grep thousands of files in a directory for hundreds of strings in a file
how to interpret nouveau feature matrix
How does root(DNS) server could answer about twitter.com?
Remove a horizontal top strip on all pages of a pdf file
Mic records sound twice as fast
changing user home directory has no effect
Unix Truncate Column in csv file
How to run .phar file with PHP CLI from an unpacked RPM?
Simplifying one-liner with sed and multiple awk calls
how to view certificate detail that contains more than one certificates
CRON job that kills a process started by previous CRON
How could one determine UID/GID of running process
Not detecting NVIDIA video card
Debian control file "Provides" does not satisfy dependency
Deleting/moving folders created in tar installation
X server, keyboard & mouse lockup with corrupted display
Claiming IP address from CentOS 7 server
Virtualbox doesn't work after update arch linux?
udev rules don't distinguish
grep / parse text
10th previous line from a match
Windows doesn't like resized FAT filesystem
Enabling Synchronous TRIM Only
bash script to cd into directory
Continuous multicast traffic from my router
Why would the clear command won't work with nohup sleep?
Touchpad Pressure Sensitivity with libinput
diff changes of disk image and restore in hdd
how to specify which terminal is used by gtk-launch
How to kill - softly?
Using sed to replace characters between two patterns
Rotate screen using udl driver (DisplayLink) on Ubuntu 14.04?
Rsync without login over port 873
Create new temporary directory
Debian doesn't boot after plugging new graphics card
How to determine the permissions of groups?
Installing mysql-server in vagrant bootstrap shell script (how to skip setup?)
Any reason to use or teach `…` substitution for new development?
Get modification date that can be used with touch -m
freenas disc problems - smart error - how to repair zfs raid?
No option to up TX-Power in Kali Linux
Is it possible to use "submenu" command in grub2 embedded config?
Unmaping BKSP and RTSH in Xorg
Create a named pipe / fifo that executes a command when read
Can a hard link break the file system structure?
Piping a script with "read" to bash
Debian stuck in Endless DHCPNAK/OFFER loop unless I ask DHCP server to clear expired leases
How can I switch between "wl" and "b43" wifi modules without rebooting?
Non-sense error messages for unmet dependencies in Debian Jessie
ntp.conf peer vs server
nvidia driver [discrete graphics] on Optimus laptop doesn't load
bash script, list all the files over a specific size
Is it safe to empty /usr/share/doc?
How to interpret information in brackets in Xorg.0.log?
ls -l /proc/self | increamental PID?
Testdisk 6.14 unable to fix 20GB WD ROM scroprio device
Why has '-' been chosen as the backup file suffix for certain Unix system files?
Multiply a column using awk
install two operating systems on a smartphone
Debian - Using TFTP in a bash script
Why different CPU count from nproc and nproc --all in OpenVZ container?
run multiple commands at once
Force Arch boot to specific GPU
checking if a folder exists in certain directory
Can I manually set multiple proxies in environment?
Shell Script - Check whether a single character input is uppercase or lowercase or special character
How to grep any digit from sentence
Ubuntu 17.10 - Weird overlay over the dock after using Gnome Tweaks
Pacman saying no update, but pamac saying there are some?
Writing to NVMe Device File vs on Filesystem Mounted on Partition
setting locale for utf-8 , but to keep measurements, time, date, etc .like with ="C"?
Booting server from grub2 make changes persistent
New i5 Kaby Lake computer with Intel HD 620 booting to black screen
Any command in my terminal that exits with non-zero code closes my terminal window
sort File B based on column 3 of File A without changing contents of File A
Can an IP address end in 255 and not be a broadcast IP address?
VNC accessible headless ubuntu
Is it possible to hold a server hostage if someone is given root access?
ssh-copy-id succeeded, but still prompt password input
How can you restore the php ini files and .so files to their original configuration
ScanImage Legal size settings
How to install and run inetd on OSX or the equivalent in launchd
Question about Networked Mounted Files
CUPS source-code compiling error
Shell Script to find string in log file
How to improve linux debugging ability and be proficient in using linux
Python add() function of set in list comprehension
Is it possible to convert Apple Music format to MP3?
System Usage 80% and User CPU usage 20%
CUPS reports all successful, but nothing prints on Brother HL-2240 series USB printer
Virtualbox dynamically-allocated disk *.vdi keeps growing
Do I Only Need to Run This Script File Once?
dpkg not working properly
Help with 64-bit integers in scripts?
How to compact a chmod UNIX command
Nagios Core Acknowledgement notification (email)
Chroot SFTP users who require access to multiple directories under same parent folder
runit and nginx
How to grep in the beginning of line using a string which is stored in a variable
DDRESCUE - How to re-run first pass (don't do reverse yet)?
Why the distr instmodsh cannot list the installed distr/vendor_perl modules ？
Does firewalld require system reboot for changes to become effective
How to remove an exact duplicate in an RPM db (same architecture)
Create archive (tar.gz, ...) from file given via stdin
Debian won't install steam
Firewalld not printing active zones
Bodhi Linux: no output on HDMI
Accessing ntfs in a M.2 SSD containing Windows installation
is there a way to get all of rpms to install a CentOS package and its dependencies totally offline?
How to manually adjust gamma, and rgb balance in Wayland
Nautilus alphabetical sort ignores 0
Can two USB RNDIS gadgets with the same IP connect to one computer's VNC servers?
iptables rule in /etc/rc.local are not loaded
error ./c.sh: line 24: [: too many arguments in shell program
Fedora 22 does not shut down
Speakers and headphone paths (name of PCM device)
How to format 720k FAT (ie: MS-DOS) floppy on Linux using USB floppy drive
FTP not happening on RHEL 6 Server configured using a Vm Player 11
Error Installing Matlab
How to automate (copy) LDAP/Kereberos install
Dependency hell: Why not create portable applications
Kerberos/LDAP login fails - remove Preauth?
How to set IP based on interface name (not MAC) on Centos 6.5
Using Incrond Inotify but having issues with user groups/permissions
What is Linux native debugging symbols format?
capture exit status from screen
Zeroing out FreeBSD swap space?
install debian from hybrid standard CD
Postfix does not send mails until the service is restarted
Always get Error: Operation not supported for: find /Path/ -type f -exec chmod 755 {} \;
Use hardware keyboard with rdp
Windows 10 update broke Gummiboot
How to use chcon without selinux?
Trying to crack a weak password using John
Are there any tools to edit the initrd file in Windows?
Cleaning up sources.list and sources.list.d
Linux ps -elf command output, what is Process Flag meaning?
Getting a list of files modified after an apt-get upgrade or intstall?
Using second ip on eth1
Accented characters appearing in rxvt
CD with redirect to logger does not work
install package manager on asus router
Check number of words in a file that contain a specific letter
Copying files from a VFAT32 formatted disk into Linux
How to dynamically control the audio volume based on current decibels
Is it possible to change the directory permission to its previous state?
What does nouveau's "func 08 lookup failed, -2" mean?
Vim cursor highlights wrong position
Black screen after installation of Nvidia driver
Command to output to current prompt
connecting linux device to a tablet via usb
runtime errors, where do they come from?
Mount android device 4.0.4 on linux
proper syntax to delete default route for a particular interface?
My bluetooth headset works, and Linphone works, but not together
Forwarding C-c to a remote tmux session
UnixWare 7 fails to pass variable to Linux
How to autologin as root to mint 17.1
When running 'su - username', pam_group doesn't add additional groups from /etc/security/group.conf but sshd login does?
How to determine if a soft link's target is a directory or a file?
How to enable Oracle JDK 8 patch upgrades on an existing JDK 8 installation in CentOS
Turn off mail notification in terminal
Arch Linux boot failure: Fsck check on LVM /var mount fails
How can I log outgoing TCP traffic including the full path of URLs?
Service network restart same as ifup and ifdown?
kernel security and IDS Firewall + AV together or not?
Tell gzip/bzip2/7z/etc not to compress already-compressed files?
Mount an existing RAID 1 Logical Volume after OS upgrade
Number of cores on FreeBSD
test if return true if grep on output has string in one line
How can I benchmark my HDD?
openBSD w/ KDE 3.5 - no text in menus or any gui's
Linux: How does hard-linking to a directory work?
What is the difference between -j DROP and -j STEAL?
Why does grep change the length of output lines?
Keeping my production webserver updated
'seek' argument in command dd
Bash:source files without fullpath?
Smartphone used as USB memory stick is correctly read on XP VirtualBox machine but Linux Mint show only root folders
Limiting download speed based on other LAN traffic
Disk I/O and load average peaks once every hour
Find files with pattern and get latest one
text to columns in CSV
Possible correct combinations of I/O redirection
bash: Why are () causing error in script but not on the command line?
"ndd" equivalent of "ethtool" on Solaris
How to send sudo password over pipe?
How can I run a command periodically and indefinitely till it's turned off?
Can not set static DNS on debian
How to know the path of a yum repository?
apt-get broke after trying to install wine
Echo while waiting for sudo prompt
Bluetooth Tethering, no IPv4 adresse at interface bnep0
How can a user Edit a file even when Write bit is off on a file
Unix command to return maximum float value out of two after subtraction
How to run bash script via multithreading
How can I decompress and print the last few lines of a compressed text file?
connection to multiple switches from /etc/hosts and export multiple commands output to file
adding a sudoer in debian
Ldap error doesn't redirect to file
My first Shell that count rows in each file
How to inhibit dhcpd from outputting over the console login prompt?
How can I make a udev rule using a “sibling” device's serial number (for USB devices with no unique serials)?
ASUS UX501 - Ubuntu - touchpad doesn't work
How to print lines between pattern1 and 2nd match of pattern2?
How to automatically switch between DHCP Server and Client mode on startup of several devices?
user as group leader
Access MTP (SD Card & Internal Card) device from command line in Fedora 23
Why does `bash -c 'echo $0 ' ` output "bash"?
Why does `bash -c echo hello` not output anything, while `bash -c "echo hello"` output "hello"?
Poor network performance between AIX 7.1 on 1 Gbit/s and SLES 11 on 10 Gbit/s
Why is the default shell on my Ubuntu 14.04 bash?
Change Screensaver font size, Molecule xscreensaver
for loop # usage
Large TCP backlog for uwsgi, but no visible connections
How can I configure Manjaro in GRUB2 without re-running the Manjaro installer?
How to convert RHEL rpm to CentOS
How to map S-Up to Down?
Create the same PNG with ImageMagick 2 times: Binaries differ
Fetching logs from log file using grep
Choosing right resolver for certain domain
nc command and iptables on CentOS7
Does SSMTP cause spam issues?
Moving files between two drives remotely
FreeBSD install python31 over python27
postfix log messages: RBL lookup error: Host or domain name not found
pam_unix delay every 5 attempts
Maximizing tmux session shows weird ANSI Sequences
ssh some commands through (a variable amount of) intermediary hops
Remove all `at` jobs on boot
How to configure `less` to print starting from the top of terminal window?
LXDE/Openbox shortcuts are slow
raw printing - graphics mode
APT repositories on Android
extract text from txt a file
rename file to current date in one bash command
What is #@(#) in Kornshell syntax
replace comma in specific column value
How can I use global variable arrays in aliases or functions
Using if statement with or to validate arguments for shell script
How does Ubuntu 14.04 achieve persistent eth* interfaces?
What does shell syntax "[ ${1:0:1} = '/' ]" (parameter expansion) do?
Move every file that is not a directory
How can I determine which SSH keyfile was used to authenticate a login?
If a start-up script in `init.d` has standard output, where is that logged if anywhere?
Prevent linux from auto scan and mapping partitions on some disk
How to decrease the time the processes would wait (blocked) for disk reads (only to discover an error)?
ssh public key copying
Alias for File Manager
Recover files after moving directory names?
system lock up when storage go offline when using nfs mount options bg,hard,nointr
How can I recover deleted data from a partition
Is nameif deprecated? If so is there an equivalent replacement?
accessing substrings from lines in a text file and storing them
How can I remotely debug a broken initrd?
Should I let pacman replace glamor-egl with xorg-server?
Answer password prompt programmatically via shell script
Is it possible to use XNU on GNU/Linux?
Run a script when a package is updated?
Debian Wheezy - Installing cross-toolchains
Log rotation in supervisord
Increment Numbers in URL?
How to create a wireless-to-ethernet router?
shutdown, reboot, printer setup etc. unavailable to normal user after upgrading debian
Download directory from sftp
Why does this comparison return not equal?
BASH: �ls: command not found when typing 'ñ' by mistake
In Mint 17, how do I copy/paste symlinked files?
Where is the rc file for vi editor.
gnupg broken after power outage
awk manipulation
New repositories I add are never found?
Easy command line method to determine specific ARM architecture string?
How to execute 'clear' bash command before any other command is executed?
CentOS/Kernel v3.18/Thunderbolt2
Where I can get Tesseract binaries for Debian 6 64bit?
SSH via cert-authority
Using Rsync in conjunction with Find
How to open apps on TWM window manager without using xterm
How to enable newline seperate when run command `ls -l` when stdout is not a terminal
What does this mean: "Interrupt: pin A routed to IRQ 17"
How can I disable keybindings / keybind in GNU screen?
How do I update the partition table on a disk image file after resizing a partition in it?
Merging folders with a script
Updating terminal title in debug trap breaks coloring
Ansible shell module problem
Changing to Nvidia Driver Broke Cinnamon
What is the difference between env, setenv, export and when to use?
Why is rsync insisting there's a difference the second time I run it?
How do I force Pycharm to recognize and use Python 3.6.1 libraries?
Sata hotplug doesn't work
IF statement to return true if a word contain a specific letter
Connect to my hidden wifi which I know the password and the ssid name
How to set a dual-boot installation with two hard drives (SSD and HDD)
Lubuntu 16.04 - no internet on my new ISP “Gateway/Cable modem/coax” connection
$ sh < foo > bar this statement is the question
What do compile and link line refer to?
Source .bash_rc when running su in script
How can I increase the size of /tmp on Fedora 25?
Xorg says “couldn't open module intel" but intel_drv.so exists
Black screen while installing Debian 8.8
how to add output as a new column with the file names
accessing windows OS from Ubuntu in dual boot configuration
Persistent System on Memory-Stick
Creating a Debian package with correct uninstaller
If there's no /dev/md* and not /proc/mdstat, is it safe to use a second disk as a second disk?
Changing the PS1 on an interactive bash subshell easily
How do I enable a new repository in CentOS?
pwd without symlinks
What does dd stand for?
How can I check that a remote computer is online for ssh / script access?
How do I turn on http compression?
Find incoming symlinks
In Chrome OS, Bash won't execute my script. How do I get Bash to run my script?
How to add a repository on Fedora?
Are the boost headers separately packaged under Fedora?
restore suse grub
Fluxbox shortcut to open an xterm, or switch to an existing one
How to set a routing table that prefers wlan dhcp interface as default route?
Pad number within string and rename file
Authentication error in openstack with new domain
redirect output of command to /dev/null
How do I search bash's history in vi mode for "foo.*bar"
Compiling apache modules --enable-mods-shared vs --enable-modules
there is any linux disturbition for hdd data recovery or for repair?
extglob behavior, particularly when using *(patternList) in bash
Can I use ulimit to prevent a system from overheating and rebooting?
Need help creating subdirectories to store files with dates in them
How to make one app go through OpenVPN?
Display turns black after closing and re-opening lid. How can I fix this?
docker container install breaks DHCP for machines behind existing bridge interface on that machine
scan for values in system-auth-ac
Adding ";" (semi-colon) in each space between hour and filename
Remove spaces in between words and change from upper case to lower case then transfer to new file
unable to find netplan directory in Debian 10
How to construct a JSON object from multi-word (space-separated) bash variables?
Looking for a convenient way to create hard links
Long click for right click emulation? (XFCE)
Memtest86+ won't boot from USB, hangs on GRUB (via Arch), but works on Ubuntu Live USB
/usr/local/bin for OpenWrt
How reboot process works in linux?
Monitoring directory using incron
Globbing and find command. Difference between encapsulating globbing in " " and not
Get last "block" (pattern) of log file
apache2 limits prefork
Tar.gz with specific sizes but compressed files contains zero bytes
Ensuring complete udev info on child devices
Linux kernel on ppc64le: vmlinux equivalent in arch/powerpc/boot/
Multiple Variables Reading in read prompt
Rsync remove-source-files , is taking too much time to delete source?
How do I change the login screen in Arch linux?
Copy & Paste unusable in KVM virtual machine (Ubuntu) when RStudio is running
Generic backup script
Internet sharing between PPP0 and UAP0 [Marvell Driver]
Can't start im-chooser in Fedora
Why does cache work better in overlay2 than aufs?
definition: "Transparent Interface"
Fix MBR after installing Windows on Linux partition
Alternative way to configure IP address
Fixing a broken btrfs partition?
Can't open ssh connection because max socket reached
corrupt tar.gz archive
Kali linux - unable to run GUI
Is there a updated kernel driver to resolve "esas2r: request failure" error messages?
bash script to find the results from multiple input files which are using 'samtools' to a new output csv file
Installing CentOs 5.5-x86_64 kernel hangs with message NET: Registered Protocol family 2
Text editor with font-size selection for specific human languages (ie. Unicode Block) eg Devanagari
Check exist file on another pc
Can distcc use ccache on the compile servers?
Strange ip command output
tmux: variables sharing between sessions
How to remove "lock" from deleted, but still used files on Linux?
unixODBC 2.3.0 "_S_create_c_locale name not valid" error
PPPoE not working as Hotplug in particular conditions (Realtek 8169 NIC and Kernel 3.x)
How do file managers split off opened programs?
How to sort ps output to find processes realtime priority and identify processess currently occupied running queue
Regular expression to replace an instance of two consecutive strings that might be separated by whitespace
Configuring a Linux Wi-Fi access point to redirect a one-word URL to http://192.168.42.1:8888
Automated RPM builds
Another problem installing Asterisk on kali linux
Alter DST port on bridged traffic
What is the difference between . and the current directory?
Perl regex to recognize multiple strings
Add to path if in subdir
Sleep system call and its time parameter
How do I get a certificate on a server from a certificate authority server using an OpenSSL request?
How to wait for all spawned and backgrounded processes to finish in bash script
How to setup audio from for lubuntu minimal install
linux bash if statement inside for loop
nvidia-smi hangs indefinitely: what could be the issue?
Is an inode number a non-changeable id of an inode?
Exporting Variables and setting Global Variables in Bash
Behavior of grep -o on OSX
Real-time monitoring of changes in swap use (per process)
Find correct tty & tty settings
Moving and renaming hundreds of .jpg files, all named 5003.jpg
Error "dircolors: no SHELL environment variable, and no shell type option given"
Why does audit2why have nothing to do?
How do I find a substring in a command line?
failed to save the state of the virtual machine
Why in Boot loader most often written in assembly language?
How can I type a command to execute when the current command completes?
Why is sshd looking at a non-existent public key file?
What Linux Distro contains support for Killer E2200 Ethernet chip?
How to change locale environment variable?
Can I use a disk without partitioning it?
Should the "laptop" option be selected for netbooks when installing Debian?
Which user owns X display?
What live distribution is well-suited for presentations?
Emacs soft line wrap at word boundary
Difference between lib, lib32, lib64, libx32, and libexec
Why is Gnome Shell sending data over my wireless network?
default wordsize in UNIX/Linux
Including sub-parameters in help options to execute wisely without getopt or getopts?
Gdm3 doesn't start after upgrading system
Virtualbox NAT + Host-Only Adapter
Where does docky store its configuration?
How can I have automatic snapshots with s3ql?
Cross-process dup on Linux
Effect of static and dynamic linking on start address
No sound in Ubuntu 13.04 i386
Rearrange partitions to install a second Linux distribution
Why is my download speed a lot lower in Linux than other OS?
Search by file dimension
What's the easiest way to decrypt a disk partition?
cleaning /dev/md0 filesystem ( raid)
Where do I set FollowSymLinks?
Get network information through Ubuntu Terminal
creating shortcuts in Mac OSX at command line
Upgrading Squeeze to Wheezy after LTS stopped
How do I rename files that have '|' in them?
update lines in a file
Is there any configuration validator for linux?
How can sipsak simulate a call with usrloc?
How to customise keyboard mappings with Wayland
Fate of home folder after reallocation to other partition
Start a subshell then run commands
How to wait for the copying process (cp) to finish?
Detecting which application is using which network interface
Network Manager does not handle switching between networks by default
Whonix, how to connect to a Wifi?
Supervisord at 99% cpu usage
Linux bash: Search and replace in file without escaping hassle
split file into multiple pieces
How to add hostname display to VIM statusline in Linux?
How to know if extglob is enabled in the current bash session?
Bind ALT key in Tmux to move across panes
Break In Attempt
Upgrading VirtualBox Guest Additions
How to terminate a background process in Linux when the pid is unknown?
Facebook games will not work on xubuntu 11.10 how do I fix?
Was my Unix server compromised?
copying from a remote server to my hdd with alias or reducing long file paths
Check multiple directory properties
extracting ip address from a file
How to back up VPS
What are the practical implications, if any, of using software which processes are not the descendants of the window manager?
What is the difference in "yum search" and "yum search all"?
Installing openssh-server after Rescue Disk boot
Internet working but not all of LAN!
Not able to install GRUB (grub legacy) on flash drive!
Prepare a computer for being firstly used in my home network with a BASH script is possible?
motherboard beep
rsyncing from ext3 on mac: file has vanished
Combining different DNS servers
virt-manager copy paste functionality to the vm
Gnome 3 UI menus are duplicated
BASH_ALIASES not equal to alias
Disable authentification for ssh
Why is the current device size bigger that the current volume size after resizing an ntfs partition?
Back up MySQL server
How can I find a rogue alias declaration?
Best method to collect a random sample from a collection of files
How is upstart's socket activation used?
Searching a file & excluding lines with a specified string
What's the purpose of having different crontabs per user?
Slow Internet Speeds with Backtrack5 R2 in VMware Workstation
Install Mysql 5.6.4 or greater on web server with on CentOS / openSUSE with Plesk 10
Why can't I run mysql?
Why doesn't dzen2 work when invoked via at?
TOR Transparent Proxy - How does to the TCP redirecting work
How to delete the oldest file over FTP using CURL?
Where, in automysqlbackup, do I add mysqldump parameters?
Running 64-bit Linux with 750 MB of RAM: worth it?
Thunar: no templates in context menu
What does XST in the date command output mean?
Any reason NOT to run Linux in a VM all the time?
How to view full bounce message in mutt?
What does CONFIG_IA32_AOUT do actually?
Are there more advanced LUKS key schemes, e.g. 2 of 3 keys needed?
pure shell complex substitution in variable
Aliases and tmux
How to make Compiz start automatically?
Is it possible to install Gentoo by building on one machine and copying the files?
How can I determine if my processor is 64 or 32 bit?
SSH tunnel hanging
How do you implement a login warning banner in Gnome 3?
VirtualBox guest: 16 CPUs detected but only 1 online
Passing a bash command-line argument containing a dot
Does kdenlive have a limit regarding the workable filesize?
What is a framebuffer device and is it required to obtain a higher resolution?
My VirtualBox Virtual Machine doesn't detect my USB attached disk
Having Linux port remap to itself
Running a command based on output of previous command
How can I config the floating IP to a public ip in OpenStack?
What does this command with a backslash at the end do?
QEMU: SSH connection from Guest(Androidx86) to Host (localhost/no internet connection)
How to extract particular url from HTML tags using UNIX commands
How do I see when a systemd service was started/stopped/restarted?
EFI system partition is it required?
Installing Docker on Ubuntu 15.04, failure to update
How do command line clipboard tools like "xclip" and "xsel" persist the clipboard - in a X windows environment that doesn't?
Can't read former internal hdd file system via usb (fedora volume group name conflict)
Estimate file space usage on a device (not in a directory)
How to understand " user programs (called clients or applications) running on remote systems" in X11's The Server−Client Model?
Jenkins deploy doesn't pass variable to java
Execution of Parallel Script from a single Cron Job
How to zip the particular type of file in a directory
How can I configure scheduled virtual machine backup?
How can I manually specify token (tgt) for ssh -K?
How to configure ssh-agent-forwarding?
Bash seems to be in special mode
Command line tool to create a pdf file with a4 sized pages from a poster pdf
Debian PXE boot from ISO and preseeding configuration file
Unable to read or unzip certain archives on one specific server
Merging two files after checking that some of the columns match
Mark copy id on PDF printout
Blank Android Studio window in DWM
Renaming and rearranging multiple filenames without rename
Program Does Not Execute as Expected
Is it possible to simulate a mouse click on a remote machine over SSH?
Select X windows using the keyboard like ace-jump / hint following or similar
Is `add-apt-repository` safe against a malicious network ("MITM")?
Fedora stopped booting after freeing up space
mitmdump error /usr/bin/mitmdump no such scripts
How to extend size of mounted ext4 /home gpt partition without loss of data?
How can I use openconnect in the background
Dpkg-reconfigure openssh-server fails on boot
UIO device files /dev/uioX are not created on Linux Debian
How to use Unicode hex escape in :s/// replacement string in Vim?
shift in getopts loop - clarification needed
how to create parted disk
Problem with find excluding files of type socket when creating tar archive
View full (all) lines in terminal (ubuntu) when using journalctl/systemctl
SSH to a remote server and find the specific pid and kill it
"-sh: Cannot execute binary file" because of source compiled on "x86_64" and executed on "i686" platform
installing debian from a local repository
How to add existing user to an existing group in centos 7?
Backslash in Path
SSH through HTTP proxy with corkscrew
How to cause copies of executables to open as separate processes?
Do I need to run BackInTime as root?
Meaning of dot (.) in The Following Examples
This site can't be reached ERR_CONNECTION_REFUSED - nginx not listening on port 80
Enabling rp_filter loose (#2) mode for IPv6
Create file in subdirectories that doesn't exist (../new_folder/new_folder/new_file.ext)
docker0 network interface is screwing up my network
How to check if stdin is /dev/null from the shell?
extremely slow listing with many files
An upgrade from 'zesty' to 'bionic' is not supported with this tool
How to disable terminal scrolling in a Bash script?
Display a bash script and all its functions in a visual way
Unable to start postgres unless I type the command to restart it
How large should an LVM snapshot be?
How to manage recurring tasks in taskwarrior?
Ubuntu freezes on login after nvidia-prime intel
How to set up authentication for the personal userdir in Apache?
Numbering by occurrence within a file
How to assign e1000e driver to Ethernet adapter
cp: ‘x’ and ‘y’ are the same file
How to run "source .bashrc" automatically after I edit and save it?
How to create themes for MATE?
can not create /dev/shm
Increasing the time for requests to complete
Realtek r8169 not working in CentOS 6.5
Permanently set kernel parameters [isolcpus] without grub?
How to delete the clipboard in the middle wheel
Linux Mint: How to enable cryptswap with custom password?
Expansion of a shell variable and effect of glob and split on it
Linux Mint 16: Skype uses 100% of CPU core
Is there an equivalent to bash's "nocaseglob" in ksh?
Memory-efficient utility to return N first sorted values
permission denied when executing binary despite "rwx" privilege and root user
Giving cron permission to execute command
How to make sure that a command is not interrupted, even if terminal is closed?
Rotating iptables logs, strange message about script being converted to upstart job
Samba shares - Cannot access with users
Mail delivery problems
Cross compiling htop libncursesw not found
grub> : not able to find files?
logrotate custom "rotate" action equivalent for upstart?
How to fix Java applications mouse pointer offset in Awesome WM?
What are the legitimate uses of the `touch` command?
Error about agpgart during startup on Fedora 20?
Java is constantly generating an error log in my home directory?
Run Windows program on Linux in a secure way
Internet sharing with iptables: choosing which connection to share
Can't login to Root User
Internetless/Remote Arch Install
Running script through udev rule on Chrome OS
Export from Libreoffice Calc to a table LaTeX
Confused about the "-a" switch of netstat on mac os
Gnu grub rescue screen appearing during booting
Transfer Settings/Config for Gnome 3
Find out about activity on certain device
Adding notification "Dot" in gnome
Read text-file with words and their occurrence count & print output sorted
PDFs specific-to-content size audit
What is a flat file?
Adding user to secondary group not showing in id -Gn
Open url from terminal in chrome
What is switching environments on the system wide terminal called?
What does list in crontab do?
How to add an IE field for my wifi hotspot?
Remove ^C when CTRL+C
Can't enter capital letters using shift key
hwinfo not found after seemingly successful install
Can I add Windows to my systemd-boot bootloader if I have separate EFI partitions?
How to add a word at the first of every lines?
Bash Code Injection Vulnerability On Linux
Installing a bootloader on a mac
Distinguish TCP server from client within netstat output
Folder organization
Can files with different inum be hard linked?
How to use cp command in bash script to copy files with spaces ans $ characters in it?
Get recursive file count (like `du`, but number of files instead of size)
Start service before user logs in
Repositories of Linux Mint, Ubuntu, Debian
open(1) in rifle.conf for ranger on OS X
how to create installable customized Debian Linux?
Restarting all the network in Ubuntu after hibernating
Run an app with a window manager behind in a separate X server
Bulk remove a large directory on a ZFS without traversing it recursively
Manipulating RGB values in PNG from command line
Search script ignores robots.txt
"Replay" feature (repeat / rewind)
How to install openssh-server on my server?
How to move several files in current directory by name to another directory?
How to bring an awesome wm client back from being minimized with the keyboard?
Way of interactively editing some text from the shell
Mouse not working with i3
calling a command from script and maintain styling
Umask not working
Enable systemd services without systemctl
Locking down external drive reads in a permanent fashion on Linux?
Mask out python* in /usr/bin?
Encrypting & mounting directory with ecryptfs
IPv6 socket creation failed: Address family not supported by protocol
Kernel Panic Not syncing : Fatal Exception
ssh stuck after showing local version
wget doesn't work in recursive mode
No Bootable device issue after Installing Kali Linux - Acer Aspire ES1-533
With bsdtar "--exclude", how to only exclude subdirectories?
smartmontools - Is the automatic test the same as running a short test?
mount lan hdd into linux fedora
No usable default provider could be found for your system (VM not recognized)
How to create recursive function call in unix
bsdtar: How to avoid overwriting existing file info?
Difference between sudo nautilus and sudo -E nautilus
Resolve local host without any DNS server?
Verify password hash in bash script?
Add a popup message on Screen Unlock on MATE
apt update keeps hanging, no way to troubleshoot
xterm can not load font "-misc-fixed-medium-r-semicondensed--13-120-75-75-c-60-iso10646-1"
Skip already-installed packages in "yum install"?
Blocking mount syscall
"set -e" does not terminate script when error occurs in conditional
Best way to create table-like CLI display in Bash?
I installed Samba in /usr/local. How can I run that?
Error with script that calls another script with different shell
How to test Linux on hidpi support without real hardware?
linux redhat 7 ( or centos 7 ) + firewalld mask the firewall
"pacman -Syu" 'probably' broke my system, because boot was not mounted
How can I copy the output of a command in the terminal to my clipboard?
Where is the clipboard file located?
alias su='su -' in .kshrc
Personal VM Station setup
Example for adding
How to connect ZTE MF 823 Surf Stick in virtual Linux?
How to use rsync with samba share
Curl Command PUT Method
Gnome, nautilus copy files to USB stops at 100% or near
Help with apt-get on non-internet connected device
Loop to check whether a Debian package is installed or not
bash - command not found
linux setuid does not work
After installing java in linux , where the java will store what home path should i give?
If I do not understand the difference in stability between Debian stable and Debian testing, am I better off with Debian testing?
How can I pass a function name to a test runner?
Extracting info from blocks inside text file
How can I download a rpm to a local repository?
Databases backup with cron
Chaining tmux configuration commands using the "run" command
How to upload to a unix server?
ZFS on Linux volume low freespace. Usedbydataset is larger than volsize
output log file from some time to some time via ssh
Troubleshoot SSH connection problem
obexftp return code 97
Lost sound with xmonad
How to search for all SUID/SGID files?
How can I set custom variables in tmux?
Update or append JAVA_HOME with sed
Boot Linux Mint from USB in Legacy Mode
How to stop github always asking for username / password?
How send a command to background using ssh on remote system
Arch Linux 64 bit - Will not wake from pm-suspend
Gnome-tweak-tool -- cannot read Typing Options due to ellipsized text
ddrescue recovering 0B but drive appears in device manager. Is it failing to connect?
How to use regex inside exec with find?
Chroot Users to /opt and subdirectories
Strange cut behavior
Larger "xterm" fonts on HIDPI displays
Xorg freezes with Bumblebee after hard reboot
How to regenerate 70-persistent-net.rules without reboot?
Map F2 to replace the 2 key – also with Shift and Alt combination – in Lubuntu 14.04.3
List of VBox Machines?
Fedora 22 loop on boot
Linux applications, user and system
How to count nodes and get attribute value without using xpath
Running a script on power off needing wireless network
Insert path in file
How to write bash script in Makefile
Updating/compile sendmail script not working.
What is Debian's equivalent of do-release-upgrade to upgrade the operating system? (for example, from stretch to buster)
separate lsof output by column
How to calculate LXC load average
Sort words in file
How can I see file events of all processes matching those with keyword in path?
Parameter expansion on multiple variables
Full screen terminal with script as screen saver under archLinux
Why does Wine copy all the files in the Home directory?
"EOFError: EOF read where object expected" while installing python-rpi.gpio
tty works, but cannot run programs
Take grep value and output the count and the value together
Ratpoison WM in Nvidia driven laptop
Auto connect and reconnect to VPN on Debian 8
What is wrong with my systemd unit file?
Is there a way to prevent sed from interpreting the replacement string?
In xterm(mintty,bash), how can I open a file in the exist vim process?
Does ubuntu touch / tizen offer fullscale pc level command line programs and options?
apt-get install local package even when outdated
Is Ubuntu "spyware" in the others *buntu too?
How do I install a Wifi adapter on Linux Mint WITHOUT using Terminal?
Ran ifconfig, everything formatted weird now
Starting jackd after using other audio
How to make RHEL 6 to boot in Text-mode?
I need a very light weight GUI to run under Ubuntu 9.04 (jaunty) with a twist
How to make RHEL Workstation to boots up faster?
How frequently is the proc file system updated on Linux?
zsh: Echoing every statement?
How to start a cron job without reboot?
How do I copy directories and symlink files?
How to "close" open ports?
Why can't users besides root create files in a samba share?
Is it necessary to use quotes in KDE4 ServiceMenus?
Set auto completion for a new filetype
davfs2 keep files cached longer
How to format large Size HDD quickly
openSUSE 12.3 (64-bit) LiveCD/LiveUSB won't work (MacBook7,1)
problem with /compress
Unable to chown recursively
lsusb outputs "Illegal Instruction" - why?
Get list of packages that provide (APT)
What is the relation between the Linux device drivers "domains"?
Better string escaping for hg
SSL Configurations for Intermediate certificate
How to add my own created certificate authority to system trusted repositories
Why does Vim only activate my highlight configuration after I source my .vimrc manually?
Using awk to parse AIX's lsuser output in stanza format
nohup and screen not working when running program in background?
How to retrieve information about locked accounts
Openbox doesn't seem to have correct environment variables set
USB Hubs and Linux
Standard I/O File Descriptors
Is there something like easy ubuntu for Fedora 18 (to install common non-free software)
Unix winbind groupmap
How to limit users permissions to only use mysql
routing between linux namespaces
Fixing firmware - Debian 8.5 fresh install on Toshiba Satellite
Best way to ensure that a script is run once a period?
Why doesn't `su -` re-read /etc/environment?
Remove commented lines except one comment using sed
How to render ASP.NET's Script Manager followed by the UpdatePanel in webpage on Ubuntu 16.04?
CentOS7 server VirtualBox guest on Ubuntu 15.10 screen issue
Unable to log in after creating a user
What is the difference between -g and -G options in useradd
Debian Package Manager Problem
Routing to the localhost, how does it work?
Merge PDF document but with conditions
Encrypt directory on Linux
Way to instantly fill up/use up lots of disk space?
How to filter the success message when using nc port scan
Exit status of fc -e is the wrong way around
Why does `==` behave differently inside `[ ... ]` in zsh and bash?
How can I bridge two interfaces with ip/iproute2?
exists a "two-factor authentication" for sudo, if not how to make one anyway?
Cannot retrieve repository meta data repomd.xml for repository Fedora 14-i386 installation under VirtualBox
Prevent processing file until SCP transfer is finished
Scan outgoing Postfix email for spam with Spamassassin
In vim, how to detach/open an exist window to a new tab?
how concatenate two commands?
Ask password in window mode after sudo or other command line operations?
files per directory in a single line
Meaning of root in GRUB config file
how to split long psql command in bash script over several lines
Change root profile picture
Clearing the uninstalled app's unmet dependencies
Bluetooth Pairing on Dual Boot of Windows & Linux Mint/Ubuntu - Stop having to Pair Devices
Active-backup bond of 2x mode 4 LACP bonds
VirtualBox Kernel Module Installing Issue
Why does Linux have a maximum number of sound cards?
Problem in booting from ubuntustudio DVD
Full file date (without GNU utilities)
VPN server (beachhead) without root?
Old IPv6 address does not disappear using another router
Using Citrix Receiver behind an HTTP proxy
Get page in curl as text
Remove hyphenation with sed
grep of top output yields funny characters upon redirection to file
Understanding i/o redirection in the context of _process substitution_
Understanding the output of /proc/cpuinfo
subversion svn: E175013: forbidden - temporary
How do I print all lines of a file with duplicate values in a certain column
Need to format 5 disks in parallel
Control character handling in cron/mailx
Unable to find file after adding in Docker
Apache Web Server Load Testing ( Running on Centos6)
meaning of -h in ls command
`cut`: selecting columns containing a string
Linux distro to learn linux
rsync claims different files, but diff does not?
can format and partition sd card but cannot see device entries
How to permanently set some path in @INC
lightdm port to listen if it is up
extract everything between character
Variables behave unexpectedly in while loop
Source files when opening an external terminal through Bash
How to reduce spacing between icons in GNOME Files (Nautilus) 3.34?
Debian 9 with Mate does not discover the second monitor
Can I create a one way symlink?
Export command output specific lines and put it into CSV file
Set specific umask for .Trash-* folder
ZSH: how to escape the following command (variable assignment)?
Terminate a subshell background process
grep multi text file input and create diferent output each file
Alternate Wifi drivers in Debian; will be lost with kernel update?
Kali Linux and RTL8812AU
Bind function keys laptop
Optimize cloning image without cloning unused space
How do I find username that in total uses the most CPU time?
Why might >/dev/null 2>&1 not work?
FreeBSD: everything exited on signal 12 after "make buildworld"
transfering GB from a filesystem to another
What is the advantage of using bash -c over using a here string?
IPTable mangle rule to mark traffic for route table
Bluetooth LE devices connection order
Service docker start not work linux ubuntu-15.10
Compiling LightScreen on Linux Mint 18.1
cronjob not redirecting output of command when used with option
What diff between Total CPU Usage and Process CPU Usage
How to get internet connection starting automatically, without manually running `ethtool` every time
Mouse left click stops working
How to debug/verify `--exclude-from` matching file for `tar`?
hibernate does not work on fresh zorin os 12.1 installation
Nautilus-Actions Is Adding Backslash
setup mysql with django
My WLAN-Connection is hidden even broadcast is on
MultiOTP with freeradius wrong
Very slow auto-completion in Linux for Windows
How to prevent: `CIFS: Unknown mount option "defaults"`?
Loading an external text file into vi
regex with find command
Colorize output from sensors
List all packages on a Gentoo system, which were not recompiled since a date
What is the most ideal way to pass a command line argument/option to be used in a script?
Dealing with BTRFS ref/backpointer mismatches, backref missing
Replacing characters in file
Freezing testing to stable
yum + unpacking of archive failed
issue with starting apps: command line vs. gui
NMVe SSD Fedora Throughput Tests too High
Use systemd watchdog support to restart application
iwlist inconsistent format for quality and signal?
how to make python2.7 main python (alongside python 2.6) without breaking yum in centos?
Commands Grouping
Command to create launcher (behind the Xfce/Thunar GUI)
Hooking up core dump before apport
how to tell fdupes which files to keep?
When running multicore jobs, will I lose performance if system load averages above the number of cores?
List files sorted according to specific line of contents
How is /proc/net/wireless a "clone" of /proc/net/dev?
How to access PCIe bridge devices in VM
Cannot display through a vga port Linux Mint 18.2
limit Sudo (or other access) to one alternate user account?
Print out variables from subshell to parent shell
Setting up a PCIe serial card that doesn't appear to possess I/O ports
Building apr-utils from Source on CentOS 7 — dependancy issue Ask Question
How to mount zfs drive partitions in solaris 11.3
iptable string matching to find application type / application layer protoco
HTTPS Authentication with Axel Downloader
Syntax error: Bad fd number?
Create Bootable ISO of CentOS Installation
Parsing only lines that have 9 periods
Remove files with smallest filename suffixes
A fast way to duplicate a website (Wordpress) on my Nginx server environment?
Passing USB controller to VFIO Virtual Machine
Pass handle to stdin down pipeline
Can't run wine using crontab?
Mounting root partition on embedded file system
Conditional testing for existence of specific files and file types in zsh
Handling duplicate programs names bash
How do I delete images from disk using feh?
What is meant by -k1,1 in sort
Install correct version of NVIDIA on cent os 6.3?
Replace a string in a string with a new line (\n) in Bash
crontab has been corrupted? @^@^@^@^@^ after clone
dialog menu - set hotkey colors?
How can I disable my Lenovo touchpad with i3?
Use /30 netmask in Debian with bridged adapter in VirtualBox
Upgrading go version to 1.11 in ubuntu
USB boot on NTFS system, grub error: unknown filesystem
When I start XTerm, my .bashrc doesn't get sourced
Firmware issues at startup (Debian 9 - Firmware i915 and rtl8168g-2
Virtualbox host Win10 guest Fedora: problem with TexStudio: cannot overwrite .tex file
Is the list of packages available to install with `pkg` stored locally on FreeBSD? If so, how to update that cache?
Span BTRFS over multiple partitions to increase disk space
Read argument from bash script and pass it to awk command
How to change encryption for SSHD in Fedora Server 29?
Intel® SGX™ (Software Guard Extensions™) and Linux Mint 19 driver installation
How do run my script inside tmux on server startup
"Right" way to deal with adding packages to path
Why does `printf "%s"` concatenate two following strings together?
Unexpected split behavior
How to find files by file type?
Stop/kill a process from the command line after a certain amount of time
What does Fedora Workstation 29 use as the default I/O scheduler?
How can I change lower to upper using (three) parameters in bash?
Using grub to properly boot from an external backup drive
kernel panic on /usr/bin/switch_root -d
Change vim cursor in Terminator
Existing command line text on screen to file? (non-graphical Linux)
Shell-script to periodically free some memory up with Ubuntu 18.10 LiveCD with only 4GB of RAM. Need some improvement
How to find unused packages in debian?
mnemosyne crashes in debian 9
How can I determine if there are any outstanding Yum transactions left to complete?
Interactive firewall for limiting outgoing requests
Apache name-based virtual hosts configured, but both hostnames direct to the same site
Why not set OpenSSH's MaxSessions to 1000000?
Restart nut-driver when data stale, usb device keeps changing
(gphoto2) proper syntax for deleting files
Bash: Path or link to a line in a file?
Linux mint no wifi connection
How to join primary partition into physical volume
gpg2 won't import .key files : No valid OpenPGP data found
What is the wpa_supplicant configuration file for a hidden network without password?
Gnome 3.22: disable alt+shift keyboard layout switching
Kill process when PID is constantly changing
Get package names for dynamic sets in Gentoo Linux
How to ignore the cookie path when using `cURL` request
Excluding bad sectors from list when formatting
Installation of linux-image package fails
Copy and paste across logout/reboot?
Why are sudo su and bash root script paths different?
Convert OpenSSH public key to a PKCS#1 in HEX format with spaces and columns
How to copy files of particular date from one path to another path in Unix
How to install Apricity on a logical volume using Calamares?
Is there an equivalent for vim's \zs in sed or perl?
PID of a bash process not captured by $!
Delete all images taken with specific camera
How to identify executable path with its PID on AIX 5 or more
Deep freeze like software for Fedora
Using wget and grep to download HTML pages and filter by keywords
Libraries crash after installing experimental version of libc6
Need to move complete unix disk from old HP to new box
Use Linux without a GPU
What is a windowing system?
Removing failed disk from raid 1
Mint 16 Cinnamon, maximize window fully
Diff dpkg files with local copies
Failing to refer to multiple files in a bash script using brace expansion
mysql - importing Tablespace: Lost connection during query
Can gzip compress application/octet-stream
How to invert colors for specific window (by unique ID?)
Logical all/any in bash
is intel_pstate working with or without HWP?
screen placements on dwm
Cron: Run every day except first day of the month and first day of each week
How to edit my config file to create two log files while ingesting syslog events?
libc6 (dependency of a package I'm trying to install) requires newer kernel, I can't upgrade though
Ethernet not working after removing GPU
chmod always gives "illegal option" error
File/foler permissions & plex
How can I adjust nth number in a line?
Keyboard events not reaching X server
Saved file changes in editor lost when disconnected using X forwarding over SSH
Audio via USB instead of Analog with Pulseaudio
I can not use ssh to connect to the debian sshd
Upgrade Debian 8 to 10
Failed to recognize HDMI cable and purple screen Ubuntu 18.04
No network in Debian 10 on Hyper-V
what is the difference between cross-compiling and native compiling
Has OpenBSD's ntpd replacement been ported to other BSDs? Or Linux?
How to move files with specific extensions to newly created directories
How to get my USB stick to auto-mount?
X Window opened from screen
Sed to reverse two words
How to send mail from a remote SMTP host?
Adding Sleep command to shell script?
How to re-mount a USB stick after unmounting from Nautilus without disconnecting it?
How can get a list of all scheduled cron jobs on my machine?
How to automatically encrypt, sign, and forward root's email?
How do you run a dry run of rm to see what files will be deleted?
How to search the whole of bash history without needing to go forwards and backwards?
How to get history search to start afresh?
Executing a shared library
Do the "play" utility in Linux really have a "delay" to stop it's process with really small files?
Wine vs Virtualbox?
Multiple "-bash command not found" messages in Mac OS X Snow Leopard Unix
Clustering Servers to run one vm
Locate a directory within an archive
grep acting strangely
What's the name of the technology that instantly boots to Linux from within Windows?
Preloading the OOM Killer
What does mkinitrd change when it adds kernel modules to the initrd?
How do I resize a partition in Ubuntu linux without losing data?
CentOS 5.5 Install Customization
Does LVM impact performance?
shell scripts that respond to console output
re-entrency of interrupts in Linux
How to remove multiple lines per occurrence in a file?
unable to mount smb share in fedora 14 through nautilus connect to server
'fast interrupts' in Linux
ssh public keys instead of SASL for authenticated SMTP sending?
What happens in the Top half and Bottom Half processing of Interrupts?
eth0 r8169 down on wake up from standby
Installation date of Ubuntu
Can We Have Different Wallpapers For Each Workspace under Gnome?
Is it possible to change the spacing between files using ls
Why would someone use joe?
DHCP IP lease attempt failed over Ethernet and DHCP with netctl
Cannot start Glassfish server on CentOS 5: port is supposedly in use, but it really isn't
File executable by all, yet still cannot be executed?
copy from tmux to any editor not working
SSH login from external authentication
Command prompt switches to >, what does this indicate ?
What does rpm -H do?
How to control the time that users spend on
Decode Flags for Kill Command
How can I get Fedora and Opensuse server edition?
How to open tabs windows in Gnu-screen & execute commands within each one
Use sed to find whole word and replace
Nemo: Forget encryption password
Why is dnsmasq putting my router IP in /etc/resolv.conf instead of 127.0.0.1?
Is it possible to make multi-level directory?
How to format a USB storage not detected in Ubuntu?
How to open a program as another user inside a logged display?
Reading a file with IFS loop works only when no arrays are used
Bash colors defined in .bashrc behaving oddly. I can't figure it out
Unable to access CUPS /admin page. A TLS fatal alert has been received
Swap i3 windows changing split structure
Block port on boot2docker vm on virtualmachine
Inconsistent behavior in awk
What permissions should a udev rule have?
Remote desktop VNC from Ubuntu to CentOS7 showing strange view
De-daemonizing an existing service
running apache on fedora/selinux/no setroubleshoot messages on desktop
Usage of `_` as an environment variable passed to a command
linux distro won't boot after installing alongside existing linux distro
Many troubles trying to mount QNAP NFS server on Ubuntu mount point
Mounting a NFS Directory into Host Volume that is shared with Docker
rpc.statd is not running but is required for remote locking (statd unrecognized service)
Umask value isn't reflected after making changes
Viewing connected pptp clients IP
how to change colors of my ps1 root terminal permanently
How to check not starts with condition in if statement?
Systemd: stop the main process (or the service) when a subprocess crash
Separating command arguments from flags
NIC cards in a LINUX server
Arch Linux + MongoDB - GLIBCXX_3.4.22 not found
How do I add a user to a group
read the file and assign the values to another file
How are Linux kernel bugs being tracked?
proxy authentication failed but for selected packages only
Can rsync be used to make only hard links, not copies?
How to access the internet with new usb kali linux live usb persistence
What relationships tie ACL mask and standard group permission on a file?
agrep with directionally biased penalties
Is it safe to use a bash script to create a daemon?
Can use Password authentication with SFTP even though "PasswordAuthentication no" in /etc/ssh/sshd_config
What is the term "Usage"?
Relation between the filename and inode of a file
Creating a GnuPG keyring for apache
Solutions are telling me to update libc6, but it's already updated. How do I fix `GLIBC_2.15' not found?
How to export data in the terminal to a file (e.g. csv file)
subversion not working with pycharm
grep variable-length optional text
How can I sort a .txt file by two columns?
Setup LDAP client on RHEL 6.5
Fast and slow symlinks
home-built router - slow throughput
Where can I find the list of [[ ]] options?
Point program without garbaging up alias (~/.bashrc)
How to find and empty some directories
Installing Steam on Debian Wheezy
relation between user and group of a process
Cannot use morse: Could not initialize audio
sed string replacement for exact match containing /
make error on compiling simple-mtpfs
Using sed to replace a variable
cmp or diff and then replace disk image
Escaping the dot character in tr -dc
What are some key differences from TMUX 1.8 and 2.1?
Dual screens on Ubuntu with Dell IPS monitors
Why does ping6 resolve foo.localdomain to ::1?
Kickstart not installing X on rhel 7.2
no user account can login via ssh
Permission denied when accessing a file with acls on xfs file system
How to properly substitute a string containing spaces in my script
How to determine what instructions a process is executing?
Fedora not shutting down
Pin Lock Screen
Root and my password are the same
How to check my account on embedded linux without "/etc/passwd"?
How to add calendars and contacts support to mail server
How match different column in file 1 and file2 with awk?
Solaris 10 - Is it possible to reboot a system from a startup script?
How to connect to ssh-server running on embedded linux without /etc/passwd?
Encrypt root file system and decrypt using U-Boot with key stored in FPGA
How does one disable the floppy module from loading on boot in CentOs7?
A log which holds all actions
Calculate relative positions in strings
How to delete this indelible directory?
/usr/bin/X :0 -audit process
change boot order
chown as non-root user
What is advisory locking on files that Unix systems typically employs?
replace lines in a text with matching text
Installation script for OpenERP, creating directories under /var
grepping of common lines between two file based on specific columns values in case of multi matching
mdadm inconsistencies when run programmatically
How do I execute in background / return early?
mpd to remote dlna
Change the PS1 prompt in a subshell sh called from parent bash
How to determine if X server runs with root privileges
gpg: Bad signature
Debian file's permissions for secondary's group of user
Persistent directory stacks across sessions in zsh
Why does Linux only see 3832MB of my 4096MB of RAM?
Bandwidth speed test with nginx
What is $() in a command?
/dev/root does not exist in CentOS 7
How to evaluate a variable length in shell script?
How can I send reads and writes on a single file descriptor to different places?
Compare two strings in a shell script
Find out what 'apt-get install' did
How to use a USB device instead of a hard drive
set tab width for less output
How to use top with only showing CMD name
Find newest file. Multiple Filetype restrictions
Flash Player not working for certain websites in Debian 7.5
Connect psftp between Unix and Windows server
How to ssh with private key from other linux system?
How to suspend with a keyboard shortcut?
Is there a way to get "top" to run exactly once and exit?
How to execute nohup in an heredocument?
Why is X11 still version 11?
How to view the WPA2 PEAP certificate offered by an AP?
ffmpeg changed safe option again?
how to cut a csv as parts for a condition
How do I swap two groups of lines in a .sql file?
open file and current directory permissions
How many directories can be nested?
iptables port forwarding and forcing interface on port
Why is there a difference between the last and lastlog command records, and why is there no recent login record for user in lastlog records?
/etc/udev/rules.d/ vs /lib/udev/rules.d/ - which to use and why?
How to make Xfce terminal run a command when it starts?
Take all the file structure but these directories
pkg install failing in zone
Why is invoking stat with env suggested?
How does the command `hostname` work?
How to stop auto mounting of devices in Ubuntu?
driver is not used for Radeon HD 7770 ( running in Software Rendering Mode )
SSH: How to disable weak ciphers?
How to commit a docker image to another hub directory?
Install VLC on Qubes OS/Fedora 23
How do I use xhost for this situation?
less file1 file2 | cat -- why does it work?
Bash option to get resolved executable path?
In irssi, how do I display previous chats of current chan, or current user if in bitblee?
How to execute a builtin shell command using find?
Migrating from Funtoo to Gentoo on a running system
Shell attempts to interpret Perl script in spite of correct shebang
Output file from Archive
Linux Userspace PCI driver options? (uio_pci_generic)
lpc_ich: Resource conflict(s) found affecting gpio_ich
Set up a user for a program
How to do ls with a wildcard and see the directory name
Installing jre-8u51-linux-x64.rpm on SLES 11 SP3: Failed dependencies
Will a USB key have the same name every time I mount it?
Redirect console output in sed in background process don't give back hand
Same salt/hash value in /etc/shadow
Running under systemd changes networking how?
Bash prompt takes only the first word of a hostname before the dot
Encrypted /boot without UEFI
Job control and what counts as a single job
How do I capture RPi’s hdmi audio output and stream it to LAN
LFTP exclude specific folder only
How to disable `h` in `less` for help?
PureOS verification of download
How to install a few specific packages one time on Debian Wheezy (after EoL)
Systemd playing sound (service Linux)
wget download files from a file list, how to specify names for each of the downloaded file?
Keeping the same user and group on files going forward?
Unable to run command at boot with xinitrc
Mailing list for listen log files
Filesystem change from FAT32 to ext3/4
Second Screen Recognised/Connected But Not Displaying - Ubuntu 18.04 / Arch Linux
Logical address mapping in BtrFS
Is it possible to create a terminal command alias to automate CTRL + ALT + SYSRQ + R-E-I-S-U-O keypresses?
Terminology used in the manual for the curl package
Can't run file on Linux Mint because of permissions/ownership issues
How do I trigger a script when an Xorg session is focused?
explanation of RHEL/CentOS 7 yum repo gpg key
trouble with two delimiters in awk
Redirect all non-root routes to index.html on Amazon Linux 2 and Apache
Can't install Ubuntu on a Mac mini 2018
Bluetooth Speaker not recognized via USB
How to monitor system with `snort` and send emails about `alerts`
Error when executing 'startx' in Kali Linux
Ping succeeds on both URL and DNS, cURL fails
What happens when you copy a hardlink?
What is the meaning of -r and -R in copy command?
I am using Pop OS, Battery charging icon is not showing properly
How to write an awk which reads a text and if it encounters a line starting with # (i.e. a comment line)?
Text vertical alignment in Enscript
What are the best practices in managing UIDs and GIDs in Kubernetes environment?
Qemu multiple VM not working
Is there a way to trace or determine which file activates a process?
Insert characters at the middle and the end of a line with specific line length
In netstat tcp is listening for SSH, but tcp6 is not listening, In sshd_config, i have both ipv4 and ipv6 what will the problem?
Install Tails with persistent storage on VirtualBox
How to feed data through pipe into utility/command as part of shell here-doc?
why grep only allows me to search whole words
What's the difference between SysV and SysV-like systems when changing runlevels?
Applications that start with a system
Does using backports on Debian stable compromise OS stability?
fakeroot-ng with debootstrap variant fakechroot hangs on makedev
What does stable mean in the context of Debian stable?
Solaris vim end key
Resolving the location/registration of an executable in the system?
FreeBSD 8.1 on MacBook 5,2
What happens if a file is modified while you're copying it?
Are any SCSI modules needed in initrd if only SATA and IDE disks are used?
How is a message queue implemented in the Linux kernel?
What is the difference between a Library call and a System call in Linux?
How does a debugger work in Linux?
Package management strategy with Pacman
What does 'uni' mean in unistd.h
How do I delete a file named "°" in bash
Keeping multiple root directories in a single partition
What makes CentOS "enterprisey" compared to "generic" distributions like Ubuntu?
gdm graphical login prompt problem (OpenSUSE 11.2)
How to use IBus with kde
Will a "customized" initrd survive a kernel update via yum?
More free blocks than reserved, but still I get "no space on device"
What functionality do I lose by disabling GDM/KDM/SLIM/CDM etc display managers?
Fluxbox borderWith on focused Maximized windows
Detailed sparse file information on Linux
Count total number of occurrences using grep
How to change/remove blue panel glow in KDE4.6?
EGLIBC vs GLIBC on laptops
How to install fonts for X?
How to make sendmail write to new maillog
Fixing CTRL-* in vim under GNU screen
Is there a GUI alternative to GParted?
Differentiating between Hard and Soft Dependencies
How can I rename photos, given the EXIF data?
Uploading directories with sftp?
What are the cons of posting dmidecode output publicly?
How to loop over the lines of a file?
Why do we use su - and not just su?
How to copy files nested in directories that match a pattern?
How to search for packages that are no longer available for installation?
What is the meaning of Scratchbox2?
What are the methods to protect home folder files from other applications runing as the same user?
Installing newest Wine in Debian Wheezy
What's the difference between sh script and sh < script
How to get a history entry to properly display on multiple lines
Non-ASCII printable characters in sshd banner
What does this command actually cause?
memory consumption alert
Command substitution interpreting spaces within quotes as argument separators
How do I mount a UFS disk in read-write mode?
Why might an external Hard Disk Run super slow?
Bash scripting: Associated Array only recognizes one value when several given
Problems with the locale; can't make Arch Linux use UFT-8
CPU fan extremely fast even with 0% CPU
cross compile driver
error when apt-get install nfs-kernel-server
What's the right way to set Linux kernel runtime parameters?
Does GPL mean that whole software is public?
Debian and system clock change?
Why was fsck priority introduced in /etc/fstab?
CentOS has not DefaultDepth
Can the Linux kernel be compiled on Mac OS X 10.6.8?
Shared partition permission management
Is it possible to trigger OOM-killer on forced swapping?
open whole folder in gedit
Difference in regular expression handling between Perl, Kikki, and Kodos
Get list of Linux files recursively and direct output to file
How do I build the iptables kernel module for a loaded kernel?
How to find the cause of an ssh-scan exploit?
Linux: create list of text with multiple operators
Arch Linux netinstall - conflicting packages on install
How do I install drivers for AR9271 on Centos 6?
Linux kernel compiling commands
bash: /dev/stderr: Permission denied
Does "apt-get purge" remove config files stored in user home dir?
List top level manually installed packages without their dependencies
Extracting text blocks based on grep output
is there a way to share my host mac shadowsocks connection to my VMware CentOS6?
Why can I not bind a mount namespace to a file
In MPM "event" mode, when force killing an Apache2 process, what is the mechanism that creates a set of new Apache2 processes?
problem wifi iwlwifi
Systemd socket: listendatagram vs listenstream
Server is not asking for keys to authenticate
Unexpected grep behaviour when using command substituiton
Add file to PATH only when in specific directory
RHCE Study Lab: KVM networking and ping issues
Installing Debian 10, upgrade to stable later?
Ubuntu 19.04 external audio speakers
How to install yay from a live USB key?
rpl error "TypeError: encode() argument 1 must be str, not None"
How to use awk to extract data from a file based on the content of another file?
Install NVIDIA driver for Manjaro 18
Phantom binary installed with curl
Stop multiple processes from command line correctly
Can I match a set negatively in nftables?
Can't open .jar file from ubuntu
How can I fix duplicate fonts after I ran fc-cache?
How can I run sqlplus as nobody
mkisofs is not including tar.gz file in custom iso
DKMS module uninstallable/ghost
how to install shadowsocks-qt5 on CentOS6?
How to recover grub with LUKS encrypted LVM partitions after motherboard replaced?
How to allow certain IP's accessing an IP:Port range?
Running command in a variable
Use laptop and external monitor at the same time using NVIDIA X Server
Connecting to Internet - RHEL 7 Gnome on BL465c Gen8 in HP c7000
All ext4 files got deleted and the journal can't be found! Is there any way to recover it?
Is it centos.pkgs.org website equal to mirror.centos.org in CentOS?
How to restrict awk number of fields?
Debian 9.9 Sound Suddenly Nonfunctional
Is there a way to get time-stamping of the mirror you update the index from?
alternatives to using make as a script runner
Why does this bash idiom require eval?
how to install shadowsocks-qt5 on CentOS7?
problem with apt upgrade when install MySQL in Ubuntu 19.4
Bash - ANSI color code for purple background with bold black text
Understanding Autofs mounting
Script for sending commands via ssh and not wait till and leave the terminal
Why do awk split() make first field to be last element in array?
Stop writing to a capture file after it reaches a specific size
Unable to use GSM and GPRS with 3G USB Dongle on BeagleBone Black at the same time
Set, backup and restore colors in the terminal
No ethernet device detected
Why am I only getting two options in systemd-boot?
custom maximised windows-size in opensuse 13.2 (KDE)
Debian jessie, primus and 32-bit applications
Open ports with no associated PIDs
Cannot Access LAMP Web Server on Ubuntu Server 14.04
LXDE hotkey to start app or switch to it if already running
How to sort file by character occurrences per line?
AirCrack-NG suite: some tools like besside-ng were not installed on my Linux distro
invalid MIT-MAGIC-COOKIE-1 error whenever computer falls asleep
Remove formatting from copy/paste buffer
Unable to install mysql-server-5.6
Install Android Studio in Linux Mint 17 without PPA
Recording shell output for interactive commands
Format sar samples live with paste and awk
Disable laptop keyboard to only use USB keyboard
Increasing Kernel Mode Setting (KMS) scrollback buffer size
How to prevent swapping on Mac OS X?
Arch: Compiling toplev.o fails in GCC install
Using bash variables in perl command in bash script
Show nth occurrence of a record
Lenovo Laptop won't charge above 59%, Elementary Os Freya (Ubuntu 14.04 LTS based I hope)
How to setup an OpenRC service to run at "login" level?
program stack size
udev, udisks, dbus and dd command
polkit rules not recognized raspbian stretch
Are the GNU Netcat commands the same as netcat-openbsd or netcat-traditional?
How to get the specific serial port on usb-serial hub in Linux
Enable Nginx GitLab to display error
Add IP Exception In iptables
How do you make apt-get install faster?
Turn down the Energy Efficient Ethernet (eee) aka Green Ethernet
Compromised server with malware "/usr/bin/fuck" and "/usr/bin/fake.cfg"
Lock a Application Through Terminal
Pause (with read or similar) in xargs
files list file for package 'gucharmap' is missing final newline
mutt: select top message on startup
How to erase SAS SSD
OPENSSL_1.0.0 not found when running PyPy 4.0.1 on Amazon Linux (AWS EC2)
What does :: do in script of sed
Adding gdbm on Debian (Beagle Bone Black)
Opening more than 10 file descriptors with ksh
How to use Fail2Ban to protect ProxyPass(ed) applications
Fail2Ban monitor HTPasswd/HTAccess
Sort words from n rows
postfix forward throttling
Using mencoder to record a video
How to do indirect variable evaluation
How to make Elementary OS persistent?
Redirecting standard error output to bash variable
Search in less with wrap-around at EOF
Why does NetworkManager explicitly support tun/tap devices?
ls -lu does not give last access time
Why I am not able to bind the interrupts with code LOC, IWI, RES when irqbalance is disabled?
Generating a custom archLinux image
How to start cron in Linux Mint 17.3
Fedora FirewallD blocking connection when disabled
How do I load a kernel module later in the boot sequence?
split string at first occurrence of a delimiter
limit inotifywait output to n/sec
Is it safe to reencrypt unencrypted mdadm array with LUKS?
How to use the fmt command with non-latin characters?
cat [file..] pipe another cat command
How to delete all desktop notifications forever on SUSE KDE
Unable to run the pvcreate command
How to install/enable `syslog.target`?
Q: How to tell the Linux Kernel to ignore MULTIPLE ata devices?
Xorg works only when bbswitch is ON?
System time in Minix with best precision
How can I jump to a particular window, no matter what workspace it's on?
Type and the speed of CPU using the lscpu command
AutoFS special map does not work
How to recycle USB device names on Linux after forced removal
Running shell job on remote server, closing terminal without closing job
Why builtin times doesn't work in pipeline?
Arrow keys in `less`
Unable to mount NFS share in Solaris Local zone
Redhat: Swap Memory Used is Much Higher Than Total
Use NIC bonding with independent switches
scons can't find glib-2.0 >= 2.32 on cygwin
I set time to wrong time zone, how do I change it? (Debian)
Multi-hop socks proxy, how to?
Is it possible to "hide" an account from /etc/passwd?
Reading from a serial interface
Ending Process Infinite Loop Input Redirection
Increasing Accuracy of Synaptics Touchpad - Arch Linux
process continous output of synclient
debian cannot install kernel source
Can I use dd to make an ISO of a DVD that is only as large as the data on the DVD?
Integrating custom kernel module into Debian
How to make sure the shell builtin echo is invoked so that its not visible in process list?
How to get "zero downtime" on HAProxy with a load balancer configuration?
How to trace process scheduling of certain process?
Expect can not expect the output
How many files is equal to 1 inode
Change tmux prefix control keyboard shortcut to alt keyboard shortcut
Prevent generation of log files from a cronjob
Refresh cache of Ranger file manager
Where are you supposed to put user-specific programs?
How to add date in the last column in csv file in Unix?
rsync to avoid redundant transfers for exact copies
Arch linux missing icons in xfce4-settings-manager?
How do i make this script print out multiple boxes?
alpine-linux command takes forever
How to use ubifs image with modprobe? To extract ubifs image
B. W. Kernighan and M. E. Lesk, LEARN - Computer-Aided Instruction on UNIX
In Bash, how to print row into a single line using a delimiter?
Error with command iotop on CentOS
Why nohup background process is getting killed?
routing table adds additional default entry
How to print filled shapes in the terminal?
How to show the gnome3 activities menu only on the monitor where it was triggered?
Remove all scheduled before 17:00 jobs with atrm
Failing to install new software
the 'grub-efi-amd64-signed' package failed to install into /target/
Grep and replace
inotifywait exclude file types
How to delete a filename ":?"
Weird kernel.shmax value
Script calling ssh; want to create log on local machine
zsh: No such widget `End'
convert ncurses binary dump into text
Issue with orphan inode
Linux disk wrong space left - 30GB disappeared
Cannot install postgresql 9.4 on Centos 7
1st instance of a for loop exits if I am looking for a specific exit status
Setting up the iio-sensor-local for a Myria MY8307 2-in-1 laptop (Basically a Chuwi rebrand)
What does the operator `-gt` in shell scripts mean?
Problem with shellscript crashing after "exec kill -SIGINT"
Partitioning existing LVM physical volume and Create new LVM physical volume
On FreeBSD, or other BSDs, what directory is commonly used for data folder storing the content of a database such as Postgres
How to convert shell output to JSON?
dnf short command disappear in dnf4
How to distinguish between a positional parameter and an option?
service doesn't work
Find files that contain multiple keywords anywhere in the file
All services of a user are killed when running multiple services under this user with systemd
how do I make a SIP phone ring with sipsak?
Expect Script - bash script file not found
Backup the entire operating system
Debian : Monitoring if server is offline
Rsync: Prioritise files and folders
Measure execution time of a command including expansion of command substitution
Strace syscall classes
What do "snapper mount" and "snapper umount" do?
Where to find a complete list of bindable readline-functions of Vi mode?
Why does systemctl isolate multi-user.target succeed only once?
bash + using printf in order to print in special format
Trap ctrl c not working as expected
How to Find All .tex Files in Directories in Recurse Grep?
Automounting internal partition and usb
Conditional prompt for mercurial
System Testing tool for Arch Linux
Can not ping other nodes in private network
How to filter files/directories according to permission and owner(tree command)
Iptables accepts any ip or range in any format
ubuntu not starting after update-grub
How to reduce LVM for root partition?
What did the sticky bit originally do when applied to files?
Installing xorg-x11-server-Xvfb broke X and uninstalling it doesn't fix it
convert attachments of type winmail.dat (TNEF) to "real" attachments in stored email messages, recursively in MailDir
Go forward in bash argument history
Running an X application from a shell script via systemd timer
How to join two conditions in bash script?
using gsub in awk to replace a word with parentheses
Shell Scripting - double condition with two variables
Expect Rsync with Double quotes
command not found using sudo in script
How can I install OpenBSD using the serial console, without external monitor? With a bootable USB stick?
I would like to unload kernel modules that show as busy
How to install Ubuntu Touch on an iphone 4?
SSL error with rvm and ruby 2.2.2
Sudo, no access to user files
Does repo's Nvidia disable Nouveau
Share a folder between Linux host and Windows guest VM
Is it possible to freeze task order in htop?
List names of aliases, functions and variables in zsh
Why is ulimit -u higher than /proc/sys/kernel/pid_max?
phpVirtualBox - Control Remote Servers - Central Management
KSH script having trouble reading in variables line by line
Run user's systemd timer while they don't have any open session
why skb buffer cannot be queued on two lists at the same time?
Setting up sendmail to receive, but not to send
How to grep stderr?
Installing Packages in PyCharm
How can I write raw data to a USB device
Comparison in Makefile from shell variable
Ownership of .gnupg folder causing permission denied
How can I get "pip show" to show the date and time when module was installed?
Wireless Connection to Prioritised SSIDs with different Static IPs (Pi, Arch Linux)
installed java, but java -version not showing new java
Copy/rename multiple files using regular expression (shell script)
Scrolling through ls output without a mouse
How can I open port 21 on a Linux VM?
What is the Linux equivalent of DOS "dir /s /b filename"?
Restarting X in CentOS 5
Can less invoke vim instead of the default vi when I hit the 'v' key?
rc control user
I can't ssh on localhost at a certain port on os x
Boot Linux from UEFI BIOS
Set visible directories for SFTP access?
I can't adjust screen brightness of my laptop anymore
How to 'burn' a subtitle track onto an mp4 video file
Bash flush standard input before a read
Deleting all files in a folder except files X, Y, and Z
What software can I use to do live screen-casting in linux?
How do I switch to the Oxygen GTK feature in KDE?
Arch Linux + Gnome: Wine going berserk on "open with" menu
Launch a GNOME session from terminal
Are there distros that still ship GTK+ 1?
Swap root at runtime
How to make dpkg faster?
Can driver installation procedures be made into a single package?
Select/Paste Word-Wrap on X-Based Terminals
Flash using wrong audio output with Pulseaudio
Can I safely delete ~/Trash file?
Ubuntu 10.04 bad install...now Mac won't boot
How do I reinstall software properly in Debian?
Shell script execution on multiple servers
Holding left arrow triggers permanent Mode_switch
Why use cpio for initramfs?
Force less to display a file as text
In Gnu Emacs how do I set up a global key to toggle the menu-bar?
Selectively disabling gvfsd-cdda in Debian Squeeze?
PHP imageline function doesn't work. What and how should I download?
How can I make a user able to log in with ssh keys but not with a password?
ffmpeg and libmp3lame produces bad audio quality?
How to get elapsed time from two "text based" dates
Change default for Nautilus (file_manager) from "Forget password immediately"?
How to invoke an Openoffice macro from the Linux command line
RealTek 8101E ethernet card or similar doesn't work on FreeBSD
What are you using instead of DCE Distributed File System?
SLiM not working in Arch Linux with Gnome
Creating an arbitrarily large "fake" file
How to replace text after the cursor location in VIM
Replacement in VIM with regular expression matched part unchanged
Constantly pinging a server
No yum repos on Red Hat Enterprise Linux Server release 5.2 (Tikanga)
Hidden ext4 partition?
Configuring a VPN in my CentOS server
Different UID/GID when using an ext4 formatted USB drive with another computer
Conditional pipeline
Parallel execution of a program on multiple files
Glob with Numerical Order
Tsocks with mail user agent mailx not working
How to disable a processes' internet access but allow localhost?
What does "Data and ISV Applications" and "Operating system" mean in SLES 12 roles during install?
Parrot OS: "Failed to start Light Display Manager"
How to rebuild the configuration of a NixOS installation from Live CD?
What did the system call "tuxcall" do?
Can the shell know what is the character encoding of the terminal?
How to rename multiple files in Bash Scripting?
Cant Delete folders Permission Denied
No libgobject-2.0.so.0 when run GUI aplication
How to reverse error code in Makefile
Need to cleanup Efivars, but how?
How to find my lost partition through Ubuntu installation process?
How to insert file content after a certain string in a file?
Why do I not need to reset text attributes with less?
KDE text problem with fractional scaling in system settings
Case fallthrough based on if condition
How can I change my command to run without superuser privilleges but with the changed limit value?
My ethernet device has strange name on Ubuntu
Automatically keep 2 files in sync
logname: no login name
Rkhunter update skips checking some files
System font looks tiny, hard to read
Intel-virtual-output - High temperature causes Linux crash
shell script: Call variable with parameters/arg
Isolated subshells in bash
Where does tcp_ipv4.c live on modern Linux desktops?
What directory is //
After pacman update, pacsearch is no longer installed
Installing Fedora packages on Amazon Linux AMI
Does a shell automatically connect file descriptors 0, 1 and 2 to its controlling terminal?
Trouble Creating Text Input File for Linux Executable
How can we disconnect a file descriptor from any file?
ssh_config Host * overrides earlier host
How to prevent switching to a different tty when Xserver starts?
how to check if FQDN host-name is with only small letters
Can I automate y/N responses while installing with yum?
openbsd: why quirks-1.87 was installed all of a sudden?
How do I create a GUI application launcher for xfce4-terminal with fish but inheriting the environment variables from bash?
login with xdm and umlaut in password
Getting Samba 4.1's "internal DNS" to update hostnames from dhcpd
Replacement for TCT's pcat utility
Why does the Linux kernel report "out of disk space" when in reality it is out of i-nodes
Read Multiple Entries from an Input File
Why does this command not work on AIX?
Explain this bash script: echo "${1##*.}"
How do I repeat the last command without using the arrow keys?
Puppet Master not serving out/reading manifests
In Emacs' org-mode, any way to hide the subtree with timestamp not set to today?
rename a batch of files after reading from a source file
How does Grub boot off of a Windows partition?
Is the purpose of setting the version number of a file using chattr similar to optomistic locking in a database?
Extracting a 2.7GB 7z file
Segfault everywhere even when reinstalling the OS
Is it possible to run apt-get in centos , if yes how?
Long booting to password screen for encrypted disk
VirtualBox: How to capture shortcuts in the guest OS?
Convert text file to JSON
The differences between sed #, %, / and |
Cannot build source from FreeBSD live CD
Filenames with spaces in backtick substitution
Disable auto-mounting in Ubuntu 16.04
How to duplicate STDOUT?
How to execute different commands based on success / failure of previous command in shell script?
Cant open X server on local machine
Use a partitioned live usb
Redirecting output of running process via SSH in background
How can I get sections with serial numbers in man man command on Mac terminal
How do I recompile a package if installed via apt-get? (Ubuntu)
Rsync from remote server to local computer with no public IP
Arch-linux: Emacs: exporting to html in org-mode and opening in external browser doesn't work
How to copy a certain amount of sorted files? (e.g. 11 GB)
Testing an IR receiver
Printing every Nth line out of a large file into a new file
Possible to use keyboard instead of mouse to reconnect wifi in fedora 26?
Viewing pagetable for a process
For loop in bash scripting, putting different value in a command
SSH step in RelView 8.2 virtual-machine installation is failing
Built-in webcam not recognized
Retrieve Nth records from a file until end of file is reached
shared folder with fix permissions - vm libvirt qemu
grep: gcov-tool.1.gz: No such file or directory
How to replace all occurrences in a file with unique value for each occurrence
Are there any cli tools for drawing graphics on the screen during an X session?
How does the processor determine each instruction's opcode and operands: looking into binary file with VIM
Clear shell and crosh histories in Chrome OS
Cant start nor stop httpd
How to launch a pipe as a persistent process
How can I install a rpm to Guix?
How to configure a Nix environment, outside of NixOS?
X11 fonts are missing in solaris
Is there a live linux distribution with a specific set of softwares
how to pipe PID of java app into a command?
How can I launch gnome-terminal remotely on my headless server? (fails to launch over X11 forwarding)
How to use the output of ls to open the last modified file?
Creating a preseed.cfg with docker and gitlab-ci-multi-runner installed, why it's always commented out?
what's using all my memory?
NetworkManager recognizing only a specific configuration file
System intact, grub broken
Gimp Plugin to batch-export several different color shades
display only portions of lines from live log file
Where can I find more information about the `view` command?
Referencing multiple files that are not a certain file type in a directory
Tntfs.ko - How can I put it in an initrd file? Or load on boot?
btfs: Zstd vs lzo
Is it possible to pin a process to a core which has no other processes pinned to it?
Delete lines x after a match
How to find the most popular word in the text in a text file through the linux terminal
How to interpret the crash dump
How can one set up audio on Arch Linux supporting multiple programs emitting audio at once without creating an asoundrc?
Shell script to monitor windows directory
VLAN tag insertion on outgoing packet
Can I tell remotely if I have a free SATA port
Do I need Dovecot on server if Gmail is hosting our email?
How MII register read errors are handled for 16bit phy registers?
Are another user's non-empty subdirectories safe from deletion in my directory?
Command for launch a new terminal, or a new tab if exists
How to change audio levels of sound card with same control names
Cannot read mounted NFS share on client
Trying to install a Linux Distro (dual boot) from USB (Windows 10)
Initilization script runs twice on SSH
What's the Debian equivalent of Ubuntu Core/Base images?
How to set multiple versions of Java on linux
PCI passthrough device memory access incorrect
How do you install a one-off package in NixOS?
HDDs, outer track vs inner track performance benchmarks?
Genymotion suddenly stops with Segmentation fault (Core Dumped)
Grep from a doubly-gzipped file
How to pass string with special characters to shell command in a script?
How do I install ffmpeg on CentOS 6.8 with all dependencies? I am getting many "Error package ... requires ..."
Live/bootable Kali linux from partitioned USB Hard Drive (Mac/OS X)?
How to use bash command completion so that only files within a particular directory are completed?
run a command in subfolders
Boot from grub2.cfg an other bootloader… in same disk
What is the pkg analog of "apt show"?
The command "find" cannot go on if the current folder is unmounted?
VirtualBox Kali Leafpad doesn't create an icon file on the desktop. Why not? (Command line ls shows the file exists in that directory)
Is there a /dev/video0 like default for pc-microphones?
Wireless network not shown in Elementary OS 5.0 Juno
Renaming environment variables by changing variable name prefix
How to rebuild gcc plugins for kernel module
Error after installing Shinobi on Linux Mint
Substring is bash script to matching correctly
Run a command on X server exit as root
How to analyze an accidental copy/paste in the terminal?
Problem with playing video from shared folder in LinuxMint 19.2
How to work with date command in a bash script through variable
no internet after apt-get update && apt-get upgrade
Mounting Windows 10 disk in Kali Unix USB impossible due to missing Windows disk
AMD Ryzen Threadripper 2970WX 24-Core Processor - per core frequency?
Webserver Request Forwarding
Log file says 'make oldconfig && make prepare' on kernel src to fix - where do I run this?
Where can I find the .desktop files for the "Copy To" and "Move To" service menus for Dolphin file browser
Running xprop in a crontab: "unable to open display"
use awk revise the original file, can not get right result
"traversal failed: u: Bad message" when deleting an extremely large directory in Linux
Using an If in statement in a for loop
Issue in installing the Letsencrypt due to DNS propagation delay
Can't install Realtek drivers (rtl8821ce)
Text processing of unix file
How to pin desktop to primary display with multiple monitor setup
NIS related, can't mount USB storage after debian upgrade to buster
Samba security configuration security = SERVER on Centos 7
Check if a two columns are completely numeric in a csv using awk
Maximize similarity of files by inserting white space
RTL8111/8168/8411 wifi card not working on Ubuntu 18.04
Cannot mount LV after reusing disk as PV
What permissions should a logrotate file have?
How to get the value i required from a single line
How to check which installation media is used in a script
Clone Ubuntu does not working properly
How to mount overlayfs where lower has child mounts?
Sending jq with argjson via ssh
sed: -e expression #1, char 3: unexpected `,'
Manipulating preseed options during debian-installer
Compare 2 files and run the script when there is a difference
Shell parameter expansion in tmux plugin
Create a variable from multi step calculation in Bash
Help with udev rules my Keyboard thinks it's a Joystick
Compression / archiving that keeps permissions and file owner?
lost FreeBSD efi loader after upgrading windows 10
Cannot remember the name of a CLI recorder software
It is possible to use a HDMI card with OpenBSD
Can I masquerade a kernel uevent?
Empty columns which were seen before
How to return 0 if a pattern is matched from a file?
Appending works without >> when redirecting standard output and error
How to select first occurrence between two patterns including them
RPM %install section
What is the meaning of sudo sudo?
Terminal sandbox commands
Connect OpenWrt router to home wifi AND open wifi
Why alias inside function does not work?
delay in IP route deletion
Why does declare -F give the wrong file
Group files into average size of the largest file
How to get sum of values in column based on variables in other column separately?
How are the public and private keys stored and related on both client and server?
Ubuntu(Mini) - How to replace the shell of system message dialogs with my own version?
Monitoring CPU% of Tabs in Firefox
Align columns evenly without "column - t"
cutting a field to length with awk/sed
How to exit from bash script where root shell is on foreground process
Why can't a service startup at boot
Orange Pi Zero: Wrong Date and Time even given Internet Access
How to increase size on root.union partition
nc server does not work if launched on startup
Install a source RPM from Fedora's rpms
GREP for pattern and remove all the junk characters before or after the pattern
Should we use UTF-8 characters like ⏰ in bash/shell script?
Display Thumbnails In Icon View But Not In Compact View
How to read/write system RAM via physical address
Debian conffiles alternative
Allowing non root users to manage systemd service is not working
Sync a folder between 2 computers, with a filesystem watcher so that each time a file is modified, it is immediately replicated
How can I get the pid of a subshell?
bfq_async_charge_factor says async writes are given 10x less than "fair" share of device throughput. How can I observe this?
For loop linux script
Switch batteries in Thinkpad before performing a deep discharge
What is a Linux IP route without outgoing network interface (RTLINK answer lacking `RTA_OIF`) and how do I create one for testing?
Question about Vi/Vim buffer
qemu share network
jvm option -Xloggc with %p in systemd.unit gives wrong log filename
Chrony client do not change system and hardware date
Reverse dependencies to determining the Cause of DNF conflicting packages
How to list *.tar.gz, one filename per line?
XFS Volume has wrong blocksize after being mounted
veth pair from a single physical nic
Any reason why find does not merge multiple slashes into one?
Autocomplete flags after a subcommand
Why there are two authority files created by startx?
virtual interface (different mac, bootproto, etc..) on the same subnet as physical NIC
Setting "list view" as default in folders - Debian 8
two physical disks with same volume group names preventing access
Redirect nohup-heredoc stdout to stdin, to execute directly?
How to determine whether the system an RPM package is built on is CentOS from within a spec file?
KVM Linux guest cannot get network address
Is it possible write linux kernel in Java Programming Language?
Time Machine-style rsync usage
Linux Mint Debian: Apparently benign error message with aptitude
How to reduce / remove BANDWIDTH_IN lines from kernel info.log file?
Is there a way to 'authorize' a command typed in by a user?
CIFS VFS: Unexpected SMB signature
linux + match IP ADDRESS with 3 octets or with 4 octets
Debian 6 Gnome black screen after boot
How to constraint time a program runs in Linux?
understanding the difference between "-C" and "-c" in tr(1) utility
Rm command recovery for this situation
Linux Mint 14 system language turns into chinese. How can I switch back to English?
LAMP Server setup for personal development
Can I bridge "backwards" from an ssh connection to my local emacs-server?
What are my problems with my VMWare runlevel setup?
pkill can't kill processes with parent process id 1
shell script to do some text manipulation of text file data structure and slight content changes
Crunchbang as an optimal OS?
Setting same gtk/openbox theme in both 64 bit native and 32 bit chroot environment
Understanding grep --label=
Kipmi0 eating up to 99.8% cpu on centos 6.4
Explain EV in /proc/bus/input/devices data
`du` get different results on different machines for the same folder
ArchLinux pacman updates on Arm
How to move all files with a certain file extension from subdirectories to a single directory
how to locally redefine 'command_not_found_handle'?
Russian characters instead of French or German, with Helvetica font
reading exchange mail, address book and calendar in mint 14 nadia
How to safely replace a not-yet-failed disk in a Linux RAID5 array?
How to customize .cshrc to configure command prompt?
Connect to fastest open WiFi (that can reach the Internet) and keep looking if cut off?
Setting static ip for wifi adapter
Ubuntu 16.04 fog server – is it possible to use pxe to boot directly to Nwipe program from Parted Magic?
Replace string in specific line at specific position of fixed-length file
syslog-ng execute script on syslog pattern
Smarter filetransfers than rsync?
Using find and aspell together
How to remove chirp without removing another important system components?
How can I kill a process and be sure the PID hasn't been reused
Linux home server hung last week - how to determine cause?
How can I run a script as sudo and for it to not ask me for a password?
Can I use which command on aliases?
GNOME license not accepted issue when system has been rebooted
Is there an alternative to using rbash to restrict a user on my system?
Who command: what is S on slackware?
Use tail and grep to send an IRC message?
Suspend button does not work when xscreensaver is active on xfce Debian
Using the output of `grep` as variable in second command
Default Route in ip route
Do programs source .bashrc when run?
hardware accelerated window manager
Can I change my ChrUbuntu install over to Arch Linux on a Samsung XE500C21 Chromebook?
$USER not set ssh
Unknown Function in Vim
Send email if user accesses the server via ssh
How to run a command in background always?
Why does zsh allow name to be null in ${name:-word}?
How to read dmesg from previous session? (dmesg.0)
account login slow in Centos
How to get the last N files in a directory?
Rename files based on directory names
How to make directory writable?
Removing an empty line and the line above it
Start command and stop command in terminal on keyboard (hotkey) shortcut press?
dd writes to CF with delay
Universal .bashrc alias showing results of sysytemctl start command
Tar Create and Split files into subdir
Repeatedly ziping a file that is newly created, but identical, however the shasum of the zip keeps changing
RHEL Serial TTY
Processes started through SSH add up to limit of SSH Daemon (systemd)
How to figure out if a host authenticates via LDAP
Install latest x86 Ubuntu on a x64 UEFI system
How to write bash script or automate the open vi and edit document?
How to host 2 webapps on the same server
Appliance with USB port for user storage - how to detect/how to allow unsafe unmounts?
How do I get colors even while just listing normally in zsh
Sources of mkinitcpio MODULES=, BINARIES= and HOOKS= entries
Delete trailing commas in line
Getting a service started automatically when another gets started
How to concatenate tables from different directories with only one header
Routing only VM traffic through VPN
shell script for chmod file name but only on new files since last run of the script
dosfsck of pendrive taking too long
csh array/command substitution with gnu parallel
Difference between dates by awk
Directory traversal cache eviction despite having plenty of memory?
Strange dependency error in installing package
How to alias part of expression for find?
firewalld zones and ICMP Packets
kioclient KMimeTypeRepository::parents: "/usr/share/mime/subclasses" refers to unknown mimetype "application/vnd.ms-excel..."
Can I check a suspect .zip file without downloading it?
Disable ctrl c and ctrl z while a script is running
How do I create a directory for every file in a parent directory
How to edit Debian installer boot paramaters?
Fast way to add/append to a large file
Using awk to edit numbers in a column
How to add a password to a BASH script
Using awk to store a binary number in text file as string and then convert to hexadecimal
If I use an SSH tunnel to forward a remote port to a local one, and my IP address changes, will that tunnel still work?
Round-tripping text through zip, unzip fails with 'extra bytes' error on OS X
Does the hash of a file change if the filename changes?
"$@" expansion for user defined variables
Faster way to enter in command mode with vi mode in the shell
Backward and forward search are reversed with vi mode in zsh
How to call variable in KSH shell script
how to tell lxc to not use /usr/share/lxc/templates for making a linux container
Why does "less" sometimes forget its history
Ubuntu Server installation and usage in VirtualBox much slower with multiple cores
How to set maximum distance between two finger for two finger scroll?
Unable to operate mouse in GUI on Ubuntu Server in VBox VM
Is clearing a full swap necessary / wise?
Centos7 starting very slowly?
wget, logging the output and the response
How to run two parallel gnome-terminal windows?
Mint, install and LUKS/LVM
Terminal - redirection of output to file is shortened
Screen Tearing on Linux Mint Mate with Intel Graphics
rpmbuild qemu.spec without test
How to use non-privileged user to restart Apache
No value for $TERM and no -T specified crontab exec
Calculate the time difference between two columns in time format hh:mm:ss
How can it be that ssh somename works, while nslookup somename does not?
Ubuntu 18.04 + AMD Ryzen == why random freeze?
Fedora 30 - VPN L2TP IPSEC disconnects short after connection successfully
Delete a character from the last line of a bash array
Move a mountpoint into a new lv without data loss RHEL6
lightdm and ldap authentication: how to display connectivity issues
how to capture IP address from info
command 'sam' not found using sudo
how to make my sed command work in GNU works in BSD
Systemd: How do I make sure one unit doesn't run if another is?
Identify in which screen instance a process is running
I don't see .bashrc file in my /home and /etc/skel direcories
freebsd system freeze
Looking for ancient kernel source
Customizing XScreenSaver login
How does one modify the title bar at top of gnome desktop?
How to access storage device related events with Zeitgeist?
GPU usage monitoring (CUDA)
Illustrate the difference of two squares via the command line
What are the URIs starting with file:// or application://?
Gnome-sound-applet not detecting sound card
Unicode characters in uxterm and dwm statusbar
Locked out by pamd. Help!
keyboard shortcuts only work with left super-key
Launch independent process
Using google DNS in netcfg
Udev triggers are not firing on insert of CF card into USB card reader (anymore)
No effect of umask and chmod on mounted drives
Using ~/.fonts.conf to change the weight of monospace fonts
Why does SIGUSR1 cause process to be terminated?
How to change a firefox option on a quick way (via shortcuts, command line,..)?
Is there a command or method (other than RTFM) to determine if a system has a UEFI BIOS?
Can I speed XFCE menu right-click pop-up up?
When can one reboot from inside a chroot environment?
How to determine why my computer crashed?
How to save a session in Yakuake
EUI64 and ipv6: how to use own EUI64 for IPv6 autoconfiguration
How to open a local URL (webpage) on the command line
See if file has been copied to USB
Numerically sorting files
Is there any (good) SQLite GUI for Linux?
Mutt send-hook to sanitize "to" address?
Install Ubuntu for Android
Formatting the output: Underlining
Is there any way to exit "less" without clearing the screen?
How to compact a directory
How to set dhclient options for Networkmanager
How can I expose JAVA_HOME to applications running under X and/or Gnome?
Why do we need an expiration period?
Kompare-like tool that needs no kdelibs dependencies?
Adding bindings for ed2k:// links with xdg-open?
UID of a deleted account
Is there such thing as a "free" equivalent to Microsoft Virtual Server?
How To See Which Ports Are Open On A Particular Firewall
Verbose DNS query to see DNS query order?
How to write bash script that deletes the oldest file in a directory if there are greater than N files in the directory?
pattern to install dependencies in linux
nis and autofs manual restart after a reboot
What are the ramifications of not having a valid partition table?
Opening .eml files with mutt
Linux Mint 12 claims to come with Gnome 3 but gnome-about says it is Gnome 2
Security of netcat
Trace sequence of scripts/commands executed upon ssh
How can I wait until xscreensaver is unlocked?
Apparently contradicting login vs. non-login shell upon ssh
Remotely start LXDE via SSH
Local "restful" service
How to execute a command randomly over a given time interval?
grub2-install can't find lvm device
How to determine file system type reliably under Linux?
Identifying duplicate fields and REMOVE both with awk
What is the meaning of a trailing ":" (colon) in *nix?
Backing up Bios / Dumping BIOS vars
Internet not working on Puppy 6.3 64 bit O.S using Frisbee telephonic pppoe connection
Gnome Boxes: proper network configuration?
execute script on shortcut key in all runlevels
Why don't subshell expressions in ~/.zshenv lead to infinite regress?
Is the "$?" (dollar-question mark) variable available only in the Bash shell?
Can I type Korean using fcitx under Linux mint 17.2 Cinnamon?
crontab not running for Fedora 23
Detach from tmux session and close ssh session with 1 command
Why does sudo fail inside docker complaining about nosuid?
Anabel Mouse: couldn't find an input interrupt endpoint
How to calculate n values in a column and the overall average?
Network file transfer not going through
resolv.conf is configured, but DNS not working
Buttons for new panes in tmux
How to install Google Tessaract on CentOS 8?
jobname or alias for background job
Why does mpv set KDE's digital clock?
Replacing contents in a file using sed or PERL
Laptop does not resume from hibernation
"C++ compiler cannot create executables" when trying to make
Refreshing Ubuntu gnome shell background after coming back from sleep
How long did a systemd unit run?
How to enable text color in vim?
How to make the php extension(.so) file portable with dependent libraries?
How to list the packages from 90-updates-available?
How to reassign keyboard shortcut for Plasma Search
How to allow SSH availability checks but restrict login from specific IP?
Show Display Numbers on each Display
How do I debug a kernel module in which a NULL pointer appears?
svn switch --relocate: wrong uuid?
Re hardlink and old rsnapshot backups
Clean up / after accidentally extracting archive into it?
Questions on Linux kernel internals
Prevent non-root user from formatting a partition
Run Python script on startup
How do I suppress dd output?
Problem with Fedora 14 after ATI Catalyst 10.11 Install
How can I grep in PDF files?
FreeBSD's kernel is 'locked'?
sudo permission denied but su grants permission
What happens if I put these directories chmod 000?
Temporary restore LVM snapshot of root
RAID 10 can not be started
Problems accessing the MS Onedrive web application
How to stop systemd-logind and not be activated later?
How to unrar multiple split files across different sub-folders
Execute a script shell automatically on startup in ubuntu?
Replacing first number of a file for its half
Switching from letsencrypt (client) to acme-client - where is my account key?
Does Linux have device drivers for USB ports?
Unable to run zmap -- some *.so file not found
Finding average excluding the first row
One PhpMyAdmin per virtualhost
How to run the installer in home directory?
rsh Temporary failure in name resolution
Place icons on second monitor
Where is the run level scripts in Manjaro and Arch?
Classifying a log file in bash
LinuxMint - `who`, `w` and `last` don't report terminal-emulators anylonger
Print month between two words
How to work with multiple sed commands in aix?
udev rules to assign/restrict serial ports to a range of numbers
How to uninstall conky
Weird rsync behaviour
How to determine *nix file permissions?
Timestamp of file on mounted drive shows 1 hour lag
Loop shell script if the input file has more inputs
Reassign “shutdown” button on ASUS notebook
error installing oracle 11g on Ubuntu 17.04 Mate
Multiple IP addresses added on the same network goes down after some time
Finding the size of a files in a directories
Communicate between two machines without a switch
How similar is CentOS 6.6 to Rocks 6.2?
line wrapping after calling command
Is it possible to show how bash globbing works by doing?
How to stop startup scripts from getting deleted on reboot in ONIE
error installing tensorflow on ubuntu mate 17.04
What are the device files for the serial ports device drivers in OS X?
Extract and delete the first occurrence of the XML tag multiple times
Difference between CONFIG_RANDOMIZE_BASE and CONFIG_RANDOMIZE_MEMORY in Linux kernel config
Reconnect mosh which was disconnected by other client
Is there a systemd alternative to user specified crontabs?
How to write a script to move files with a specific name from folder "A" to folder "B" in my Google drive?
How to hide TODOs from the Calendar view but not from the TODOs view
configure sriov vf on i40e not in promisc
At /dev/block directory, what's meaning of file name like 8:0 or 11:0?
Match columns of a new and old spreadsheet and then input data into new spreadsheet
Why is rsync adding an extra directory?
Filtering find output to find only the real source files?
List files which are transferred by sftp
Using kgdb to debug the Linux kernel on two laptops without a serial port, is this possible?
What are the defined paths for systemctl to find new services
Split stdout on delimiter and select line at random?
unable to launch any program: trap int3 ip error
gpg cannot unlock passphrase-less key: "gpg: public key decryption failed: No passphrase given"
specify a time interval in which to execute a certain script
Can I manage my NixOS configuration in version control like git?
powertop shows significantly more than 100% "C0 active" - isn't this impossible?
Partition error (Fdisk/Parted)
Bash/Python: how to write a script to automatize change venv and other python stuff
Best way to create a user with a password without any user interaction? (asking user for password) (Ubuntu)
Can I assign multiple data entries to one variable & if so how?
nginx fails to start at boot, but start well afterward
I have Unix scripting question
CentOS installer fails with Nouveau errors; Ubuntu installer works
need to skip command arguments inside library
Grep Word Count is Empty
How to Run the command or script through any user in linux?
Clarification for Bash documentation on disown builtin option -h
bash - How can I re-display selection menu after a selection is chosen and performed
Error: Wrong architecture 'amd64' & Unable to locate package libc6-dev-i386 [Install libc6-dev-i386]
Arch linux sound doesn't work
script set command output to variable
How do I set Gnome as default DE if I am already using Cinnamon?
Chrome won't display under linux Mint 17.3
Linux eth0 is down, can't up it
What's the meaning of a '#' character before owner?
Why does SHA 256 sum change when writing image to a drive?
None of the linux programs work except 'cd'
Why when I enter the command "hostname" it returns something other than my computers name?
Does Bash have similar features such as Fish's autosuggestions and highlighting?
Creating softlinks to header files that are not in the expected directory
yaourt curl error: Couldn't connect to server
How can I know which program is sniffing packets?
Unable to launch Gnome System Log Viewer after setting filters
Which udev rule triggered?
Installing Multiple Linux Distros in a single partition
Why does the bell character have a limit?
Why does sshd requires an absolute path?
Does pressing ctrl-c several times make the running program close more quickly?
What is "Charlie &" in the gecos field on OpenBSD for root?
Fedora 20: How to navigate to Windows partitions via commandline?
How to disable root user on OpenBSD?
Using passwordless ssh on CentOS 6
Machine keeps backups of files that I have already deleted
How to properly setup web server directory permissions
Why can't I ping Google?
Why can't I su when if I am in the wheel group in OpenBSD?
How does libusb access kernel stuff?
Resource usage using pipe and here string
Why is `systemd-tmpfiles --clean` not working?
nmon logging, rotation, and storing to database
mailx cannot send mail through gmail any more?
Cannot boot up FreeNAS
prevent repeated emails via bash to overquote user
Fixing title in rxvt application
About mounting and umounting inherited mounts inside a newly-created mount namespace
Gawk cross referencing
WiFi only works AFTER suspend on Antergos
Hostapd doesn't work for one of my device
Using Awk to identify and reverse word bigrams in text
How to use the cut command together with w to produce a list of login names and CPU times corresponding to each active Process?
How do I get Solaris 11.3 to recognise my hard drive as having 4Tb capacity?
When using scp command, it fails as 'bash: bash command not found' . How to resolve it?
Interpretation of apt depends output
apt-file list shows only two files for nginx package
weird symbolic link
CentOS 7 Black screen after gnome upgrade
Why do selinux policies apply to commands (e.g: logrotate) running from cronjobs, but not when run directly from command line?
Get current download speed as a number
How to add a flatpak app to Gnome 3 autostarts?
How to send a mail for every 10 minutes through shell script?
Permission denied opening pipe when i have all the permissions (redirecting input)
How to reset VT 1 (or avoid getting into a bad state)?
Download specific Kodi version on Raspbian
Setup Cron to pkill -f
shebang or not shebang
Forwarding mDNS packets from an on-prem network to cloud server and back
Iozone read command not working
Moving multiple files to multiple directories by percents
Create username in uppercase with public key authentication. Is a good practice?
Is there a way to send Power Off to MMC from userspace?
How can I restore login in GDM3 screen? It disappeared after upgrade from Debia 8 to 9, thus GDM3 doesn't starts anymore!
Is there any terminal tool where you can zoom in and out the screen?
/dev/mapper/wks01-root: No such file or directory while opening filesystem
OS seems to forget my second monitor
Is it possible to move window out of the screen border?
Redirecting incoming tcp traffic back to the sender
Find duplicated columns in file
Sound is not detected in a namespace
Run two CMD service in a Dockerfile
Running Drupal's drush cron jobs with a newer PHP version from Software Collections
Signal neovim to reread its configuration
Is the masters configuration on BIND9 slave stansa limited to 10 IPs?
How to make hosts accessible from my server?
How to disable messages from syslogd for my own user?
Cento's 2 network and 2 ip work only 1
Is there a reason to use dd if I don't use any extra parameters?
wpa_supplicant: How to switch between different networks without disabling all others
unix system with malware
Linux File System for an External HDD
How to disable script in "dot-d" (with suffix ".d") directory in /etc without deleting it?
Navigation and images in Lynx text browser
Get all the records from a file with Date collumn less than a month
change linux text console scrolling speed - without rebooting
Why do I get Illegal number: {1..3}
How to format a microSDXC card into Fat32?
Variations in Ubuntu 12.04 /usr/bin/time statistics
How to get Debian codename without lsb-release
How to change CFLAGS for autogen.sh
Why is Linux "Unix-like" if its kernel is monolithic?
Naming buffer exports dynamically in tmux
sed "e" and "g" flags not working together
Getting globbing to work with `locate`?
Why are channels supported by my interface different from that permitted for an ad-hoc network?
How to install and use scatter3d without pause in R 3.3.2?
Missing icons in Nautilus
Is there a way to maintain ssh-agent connectivity in different screens?
How do I quickly move the cursor to the end in bash in vi mode?
How do I save all vim buffers on tmux window change?
files in /proc/$PID (e.g. ssh-agent, Chrome) are not owned by user but by root
why does ls -d also list files, and where is it documented?
Commands for determining level of usage of server
ldd tells me my app is "not a dynamic executable"
DELL XPS 13 9350 Dual Boot windows 10 and ubuntu 18.04 GRUB problem
Streaming video file to capture it as RTP pcap? (gstreamer/wireshark)
use sed or awk command to replace a word with another word which is stored in variable
How do I use rsync to reliably transfer permissions & ACLs when copying from NTFS internal C: to NTFS External disk?
How to change user and keep current location?
symbolic link where link receives updates and original does not
Buildroot x86_64 EFI doesn't run in qemu
Generates random numbers with 11 digits
Simplest way to use tmux, command to back to the process
Information on forwarding queue occupation (if existent)
Mail command limit
I am having difficulties during manipulating log file with awk and shellscript
How to start x with zsh?
can not shrink raid1 size with mdadm
Why is default Dialogrc file making screen monochrome?
Failed loading Zend extension 'opcache.so'
Standalone X program to list open/minimized windows
Permanent errors have been detected in ZFS pool
ed(1) adds ^M to every line of my file
Show the path length in bytes linux
Communication between two file descriptors (clients)
Bugzilla error: Can't locate object method quit via package "Net::SMTP::SSL" line 365
Updating HP bios (that comes packaged as rpm)
XRDP immediately closes connection Arch Linux
Can't get Mouse to Work in Mandriva 2007 Virtual Machine
How to unbottleneck cpu-bound OpenSSH?
ssl needed for Python-3.8 on RHEL 6
How could a sequence of random dates be generated, given year interval?
I want a shared folder between Arch (host) and Android
Show who with current date as first line without script
Can't run Linux with home partition on removable hdd
how to download specific pip version on linux redhat
can't get pgadmin4 to launch
uniq cluster name
Capture or calibrate icons name and path of the running app window body
How to send new lines from file to a tcp port?
Can't I define aliases (using `export`) that are in my current directory? Doing so gives a `not found` message
Identifying native package architecture post installation
How can you use sed to replace spaces with periods and still keep () and []
Clarify rsync ignore-existing
How to change my current keyboard layout
Cannot enable USB port when hub is plugged into adjacent port
Debian 'bullseye' - no Terminal without GUI on Function Keys F1-F12
finding private key on mac
"fi" error in sh script
bash for loop variable not changing
How to Limit ContentMatches of Grep in List?
How to check if currently running Linux kernel has been loaded with kexec?
Midnight Commander - rescan compressed archive
awk csv file append numbers
Why does smplayer always resume at the same spot for some video files?
Fast file access for many threads doing read / write operations?
ttyUSBx reconnects until x>255 and stops
remote desktop vnc on Debian VPS
tmux new-window --- wait until session is up?
Mount error: mount failed: File exists
Bash here-documents and shebang lines
Sort text files with multiple lines as a row
How can you concatenate (or just combine) heredocuments (heredocs)?
Auto detect already open browser instead of opening default one
How do X clients know that they will need to connect to TCP port 6000+<display number>?
Leftover characters after comparing two strings
Is using tar while source directory is being updated safe?
The USB key is not recognizable in 'Use a device'
Cannot rotate one of my two displays with xrandr
How to configure an interface in /etc/network/interfaces to start in monitoring mode?
What is the installation disk space consumption of Fedora Atomic (r25)?
Is TRIM on Samsung 840 Pro with firmware version DXM06B0Q safe?
How to run firejail as root?
GRUB2 fails sometimes on USB bootable disk
How to adjust this little script from IPv4 to IPv6?
Detect network hardware
Kernel config for keyboard special LEDs
How to Get BCM4360 Working On Kali Linux?
How is the page cache mapped in the kernel on 64-bit x86 architectures?
Installing ffmpeg but need to install atrpms first on RedHat 7, issues of 404 not found
How to record filesystem operations history?
Can't see my mouse in certain os
Fastest RDP client on linux
Using parallel on Ubuntu
Which kernel does reboot load?
Startup log file for RHEL?
"Linux supports the dynamic loading of kernel modules. "
Dynamic Symlinks
untar a directory of *.tgz files using a wildcard
closing socket after forcing terminal close
Command not working in shell script, but works on command line
Get X to ignore specific mouse?
How to give more power to a USB device (error -110)?
Places to learn linux
PPTP VPN in CentOS 7
"usb 3-2: can't set config #1, error -110" - USB keyboard works in Windows 8 laptop but on PC only until Linux boots
install kernel headers without overwriting old headers
What is the difference of -a and -e in bash's conditional expressions?
Why are there so many loopback addresses?
Delete all but largest file in multiple directories
PCI header in my laptop looks different from free-electrons' PCI header
Configuring setcifsacl to use local posix user instead of SID for CIFS share on Linux
Run SSH SOCKS5 proxy on system startup
How do I parse a string in bash into variables using a tab as the delimiter and preserve spaces?
How to use grep to find all instances of one .txt file in another?
How to add a progress bar to cryptsetup luksFormat?
The most *robust* remote file copy?
Detach a process from Sh (not Bash) or “disown” for Sh (not Bash)
Installing CentOS to a flashdrive trouble
Big rsync -- push or pull?
Flash Debugger on Slackware 64
Is it possible to force a group member to run something allowed by sudoers as himself only?
Fastest and Safest way to increase Swap Space on Scientific Linux
Installed Linux, now Windows doesn't boot anymore
How can I find out what's seeding in Vuze if it's not listed anywhere in the application?
Immediately kill MySQL
Learning linux at the lower level
How to put the output of the trailing lines of grep in on-line?
Create an absolute symbolic link to the current directory
Blackscreen and cursor only after booting up KDE in an ArchLinux system
Remove all capital letters from a particular column in a CSV file
How does the kernel store the virtual memory area?
Multi-Threading/Forking in a bash script
Triggering a server to shutdown in receiving a signal via serial port (RS232)
How to get correct scan codes for my laptop keyboard without pressing a key?
blank screen after kernel upgrade
Is there is a PPA-service equivalent in the Fedora world?
How to find files not of a certain type?
Repackaging RPMs
How to clean up file extensions?
What does *~ mean?
How to use yum to install from a DVD
Why do some symbolic links affect program behavior?
executing a sh script from the cron
How can I tell what version of apache I'm running?
How to preload my .so every time an application executes?
Remove files older than 5 days in UNIX (date in file name, not timestamp)
Is there is tool similar to ShiftIt on OS X?
Resolving unmet installation dependencies; file system problems
Have Samba "proxy" for another server?
Does bash have a built in caching command available (sort of like mktemp or sponge)?
Can unformatted partitions have UUIDs?
Are there any Linux distributions specifically designed for netbooks?
Why does tar --exclude=".*" create an empty archive?
What is gvfs and why should I want it on my system?
Mail Dispatcher Agent: Could not access the outbox folder (Unknow error. (Failed to fetch the resource collection.))
Scrolling in Touchpad doesn't work on Acer Aspire S3
Ethernet NIC power usage on laptop?
How can I uniquely identify which device is on USB `hub 6-0:1.0: port 2`?
"Destination Host Unreachable" when pinging wireless router
How can I make git status --short be the default
Why doesn't this Hello World X11 code run on NetBSD?
How i create application B that would be able to communicate with running application A?
Avoid display blanking under X
Give user permissions to all files and folders
How to configure Syslinux to load the kernel images from a different partition or disk?
Why does xargs strip quotes from input?
How to parse a file to extract 3 digits numbers kept in a "group number"
Sendmail/procmail/Exchange truncating mail
Color terminal under USS
“Grep-ing” from A to B in hexdump's output
How can I force unzip / zip not to create a subdirectory when I extract it?
Where can I find documentation about the "sudo !!" command
Create partition aligned using parted
Pulseaudio, Phonon, KDE and forwarding sound to headset
How can I configure Yast to switch languages completely?
Are all bash scripts compatible with `zsh`?
Difference between Login Shell and Non-Login Shell?
How to check dependencies of a package under OpenBSD?
How to disable IPv6 on OpenBSD?
VIM jump from one xml tag to the closing one
debian dead when copy over 1GB
Is it normal for a integrated intel video card to have such low fps?
Terminal 256 colors don't work through Tmux
Can I Xmodmap only a specific device?
Can two application share library loaded at runtime?
DNS Issues on RHEL 6
GTK+3 config Arch/LXDE
Cannot increase maximum open files for redis
Replacement with sed doesn't work as expected with variable expansion, extra characters appear
`mktemp -d` followed by `pushd` works fine on command line, but not when in a script
Why does the termination of a noninteractive bash process affect or not affect its child process, when running a script?
back ticks vs double quotes
Font viewer that supports viewing ligatures
Remove colors from zsh tab-completion
Resume Rsync after being interrupted, and data might be changed
reverse file character by character using tac
Which program does receive command line commands?
Need help with the rename command in Linux
Implicit return in bash functions?
Filesystem mounted as root but owned by user. Why?
Linux shell get device id from user input
Convert image with uncommon aspect ratio without stretching the image
`/srv/stevedore/` vs `/var/stevedore/` for data files for new application?
What is ANALYZE/CATALOG for Linux msginit binary message catalog?
What is Linux for VMS DCL "ON ERROR"?
Set the language for a single program execution
Locate postion then make a change using sed
Linux editor with VMS EDT like direction mode
What is Linux for SET FILE/ERASE_ON_DELETE?
What is Linux for $DECK and $EOD?
Lightweight custom linux build
Implications of Linux support for AMD Fusion APUs?
Using top to see processes run by a user on behalf of sudo
Why does locale es_MX work but not es?
Default username for Samba share that is not the user name on the client system
In new users's home directory create sub-directory with a specific group and permissions
load program/module at boot
What firmware works with a D-Link DIR-600?
Youtube Videos become Choppy When Maximised [Ubuntu Maverick]
Unix file naming convention
How to change keyboard keymap
How long should it take to generate 300 bytes of entropy on a VPS?
Is there an easier way to manipulate GRUB 2 entries?
How to know the types of windowing system, window manager and desktop environment of a Unix-like OS
How do I migrate configuration between computers with different hardware?
"Held broken packages" when installing ia32-libs
Debian: plymouth splash screen does not change
How to enable NFS4 protocol
Count number of characters per listed filename
Better help for bash?
AIX cifs hostname with underscore
Hostname and IP address mapping in /etc/hosts
linux io stack analysis
Using truncate \ find
Piping periodic data between Python scripts
Understand netstat -i flgs
How does LVM find drives after setup
Battery full notification
telneting to ssh port works, but SSH not
Linux Mint: How to disable or remove applications comment from favorites menu?
Debian Wheezy LXDE: Desktop icons are disappearing, how to restore them?
Add FreeBSD to GRUB2 boot menu
Gnome 3: open and resize application at startup
Cut a string- Catch: There is file with same name as string in the same path
How do I disable the left CTRL on Ubuntu 13.10?
Apache throws 403 Forbidden after moving DocumentRoot (CentOS 6.4)
TT-Connect CT2-4650 CI doesn't initialize (Timeout?)
Delete all 'nohup.out' within a directory recursively
How do I grep a file in a smb mount point without using mount or fstab?
mei 0000:00:16.0: init hw failure
How to clean journals in ext3/ext4 filesystem?
How to append multiple lines to a file without last newline?
How to make gvfs mount fat/vfat drives with 8.3 names set to lowercase on automatic mount?
Raspbian: how ifplugd works on lo and other interface
New local user can't login to vsftpd
Recommendations for replacing a GFS cluster?
Two ways to lock a password but only one to unlock
Specify consistent week boundaries using date
grep to find instances of "Foo" where "Bar" does not appear within 10 lines
Calibre in Debian 7.3 KDE doesn't have cover browser?
How can I get self-compiled packages to play nice with packages managers (e.g. apt-get, yum)
Grep all at once
Which are the files and applications that manage keyboard and dead keys configuration in KDE?
CentOS 7 'No matching Packages to list' for man
How to add additional steps to login?
logrotate every 2 hours
GTK applications looking bad
Sed operations are not working or might i am doing it wrong?
Loop over files with spaces in their names, create new folder from first character in each file and move files to folders
NVMe disk shows 80% io utilization, partitions show 0% io utilization
How to make application windows always on top in Linux mint?
Sourcing a redistributable script by default
NTP authentication failing with opcode 108
Homebrew?? error: option --no-user-cfg not recognized
Sed not working in cron
get average for all numbers with irregular columns
Where does a bash process get its default signal handlers/traps?
vim vs sudo vim with vundle
Trim lines to a specific length
Turn flushing history in ksh after each command (or stop refreshing it)
Does bash calls `execve()` without making further change to how `execve()` treats the signal dispositions?
Bash script to loop through folders and list files to text
How to refresh an alias each time it is executed
Redhat Satellite 6 - valueerror new value non-existent xfs filesystem
How can I move multiple archives with different names using mv in a loop?
How I can use 'grep' command to grab some value from the arguments?
What is the status of setting environment variables without ~/.bash_profile?
When printing a variable that contains newlines, why is the last newline stripped?
Hash or obscure password for network share
Why do df and df -h show different value? How does df -h perform calculation?
rsync copying the top-level source directory instead of its contents
Launching an X application on a remote server works when SSH'd but not as an inline command
cat last 5 files in a dir
x2go: Xresources not loaded for client sessions
Restoring the session after running a shell script
select all text in vi to copy and past in windows
Cron job still running after deletion from cron.hourly
Extracting the contents of a tar folder into a target directory
Reinstall Debian 9 or fix GUI
Choices for dealing with a signal?
extract piece out of JSON line
Providing read only access to users from another group to a folder belonging to the home directory of a user from different group
How to install Netgear/MT7612U driver in Manjaro Linux?
KDE: suspend to 'freeze' state instead of 'mem'
Lenovo Y50-70 Linux Mint 18 Cinnamon NVIDIA Geforce GTX 860M driver problem
Start systemctl service on user login
Obtain the index of the array
Moving files and renaming using a portion of directory structure and a portion of current filename
How are statistics output by `free -l` calculated?
SED command - MAC address
Fn key for Bluetooth Apple Magic Keyboard (2015)
How to track leap second change after it happened?
Generating PDF handouts with ghostscript
Find processes causing the fans running
i3 Windows Manager - assigning window to workspace
Distribute files to a large amount of servers
Prevent gnome-pty-helper from running again
Is it possible to copy a driver from Windows to Linux?
How to bind to a privileged port from a non-root process, on a Synology NAS
freedesktop menus and redundancy of entries
what tools can I use to quickly show/hide some reminding info for myself?
How pkg is choosing its repos (FreeBSD 10)
Get zsh not to complete users
Redirect the background process output to a pager `less` after finish running not to default terminal
How to add software sources for dom0 in Qubes
vim - highlight for loop iterator
shell - using expr “multiplication table”
Four random words from a list with Perl!
Bash script to watch for file system changes, with delay before executing a backup script
Navigating the file system: Difference between CD and PUSHD
remove windows recovery option from grub menu on fedora?
LD_LIBRARY_PATH not working - centos
EasyApache 4 Migration Issue
Very bad wireless performance
Restarting httpd kills scripts executed from PHP
What are the keyboard shortcuts for the command-line?
Which edac module should I enable here?
Where to find acpi mailing list?
vmlinuz and initrd not found after building the kernel?
How frequently are updates sent to a VNC client?
How can I setup a wifi access point to only allow users if they accept an EULA?
/dev/tcp not present in Linux
Different redirection styles with netcat and tee giving different results
How to make netcat use an existing HTTP proxy
How can I disable the user list login screen in Gnome 3 on Fedora 16 or 17?
Where does grep -r search by default?
How to add color themes to Gnome-Terminal's GUI preferences?
Why does this incrementing for loop return a bad variable?
How can I fix the location of polkit and glib include headers?
How to pass data outside process for zenity progress?
Why is cd not a program?
How to separate first column content in different rows
IS there a means of identifying the application path for the process which attempts to access the internet on a linux distributution?
Cron job not running on libreelec
Parsing CSV using AWK or SED
Syntax error in while loop near unexpected token `in'
Find missing file names between 2 directories in Linux
GRUB takes too long to unlock the encrypted boot partition
Can't run glxgears over ssh with X11 enabled
When and why do I need to quote asterisks
Bash script arg0 vulnerability?
Wifi through terminal connected but no internet (Ubuntu Server)
Parse logs for certain values
use timeout and run ping in background and save the statistics to file
FreeBSD - best way to set console vidcontrol mode from boot without disrupting scrollback buffer info
Can't connect to wifi on Debian Jessie with wpa_supplicant: ioctl[SIOCSIWENCODEEXT]: Invalid argument
Connecting an iPhone to VMware freezes macOS and crashes the iPhone?
Track total data written in and read from a folder within bash script
sqlite3-dev - can conda (of Anaconda) install it instead of apt-get?
How can I prevent Meta from opening up KDE Plasma's launcher?
How to find a depth of a directory
Boot-time service startup messages are repeated a second time
Read named pipe once every time input is written
Moving VM from default location to LVM Volume Group
Is there any open source driver for AMD Radeon R5 M430?
How do I know when a process has been killed
How to know unallocated disk block and make partition?
Persistent nfs ports
Change MAC address immediately after system activation
Search a text in files that have a particular folder in path, then display the matching line and file permissions
How to configure image size with gphoto2
How to measure Down time for VM migration
Interpolation to fill missing data (x,y)
How to check file system in which Volume Group & Also the Volume Group Detailed information in Linux
AWK question: Print N lines, starting from the third line after given /pattern/
PulseAudio won't work in system mode
"perl/Tk unusable, cannot create main windows." when running using "sudo"
Sed search and delete matching two patterns one of which is a variable
Store a path in a variable and use it with cd
Grep string only in uncommented line
What are necessary users used for
Sendmail to filter custom header
"circular" Screen setup Xrandr
Is it possible to determine the signal received by last running application?
? at the end of files in while listing file using 'ls'
Check if no command line arguments and STDIN is empty
What is the difference between grep root/etc/passwd and getent passwd root
Parsing FIX messages for further analytics
Injecting packet is not working on Kali Linux 2018.2
Exclude symbolic links from rsync without excessive notification
Linux Mint shows different total file size than Android? (in bytes)
Raspbian filesystem user permissions
Why does my vixie cron entry to run every other day, actually run on consecutive days every 4th time?
How to join duplicates and sum their numbers with awk
Debian Stretch fails to resume from hibernate
Why does the following way not change core file limit size?
Am I understanding processors and cores right?
Command to extract value between two variables and store it in a variable
LDAP server setup with GUI on CentOS7
Are the limits shown or set by ulimit per resource and per process?
unix, adding users to existing directory in centos
How to create a symbolic link from one user directory to anothers?
Is there a way to prevent sigkill to reach a process?
chroot command: failed to run command ‘node’: No such file or directory
SSH connection failure: processing of forwarded request fails on known_host key
dnsmasq running in namespace can't take queries from within namespace
Where is the editor choice kept in ranger?
How do I get rid of human readable format for ls?
Hiding Chromium tab bar, omnibar (address bar) and window decorations?
How does Linux find/configure something like 'wlan0' when it is not a device that appears in /dev?
GPU Temperature Applet interfering with GPU function
Unable to configure network on Debian Server
Serial Getty error messages
Return last command executed in bash function
Creating OS image from the current installation
docker-compose run --rm slow startup
Linux memory mapped files
when i trying to use apt-get update . this happens
CentOS boot without GUI has actually started gui before login
Trying to create a startup script
Can someone delete my non-empty directory from a write-all directory without having write permissions on it?
Where is the script for alias command in Linux?
How to automatically add IP addresses to Ansible host file
Create a SELinux policy for a custom systemd service
Which version does make system use if there are several versions of a library
How to connect when ssh broken pipe?
Clever desktop links options?
How do I configure GNOME on Fedora 27 to use the U.S. International keyboard layout?
How to install php7 on solaris 10 with OpenSSL 1.0.1
Do "caught" and "delivered" mean the same for a signal?
replace values of fields in each row with values in previous fields until the end of each row
need to execute the python script at time of shutdown
Why am I getting a random IP in bash-completion when I try a network command
Man pages are shuffled
Is changing the priority of a game's process to realtime bad for the CPU?
On Line Man Pages from Terminal
Dnf install kernel doesn't install kernel to /boot
How to collect core files of system daemons?
less command stuck in forward scrolling
Running System Shock: Enhanced Edition with Wine errors out
Largest allowed maximum number of open files in Linux
In Debian-derived flavours, what does the 'network' line in /etc/network/interfaces actually do?
bash aptitude install package list from shell variable
openSuse 42.2 is unable to boot when root is on RAID1 which is broken (with one missing/new/empty disk)
Using perl to change multi-line expression
script to copy, delete and symlink
Is there a common way of auto-updates with cron?
perl - search for a long line and change a word in it
Re- Setup git-svn repository in Mac after a cleanup
Wine: do not check for Gecko installation
Universal non-bash `time` benchmark alternative?
Can I get gedit to open on startup with a list of certain files?
Clear X clipboard using cron
Where do these boot log entries come from and who creates them?
Limit line output rate in XTerm?
LXC Bridge not working on ubuntu 15.04
Shell script to fetch part of file name from input file and transform it into output file
installed application keeps open port
Vi mode or emacs mode in the whole system
!(*.sh) works on the command line but not in a script
Local port is not accessible with public IP address
Run CentOS 7 live from USB
The repository list source index list can't be downloaded
how to untar a file in Ubuntu?
Vim pausing randomly for a minute or so at a time
Device Tree Blob (binary)
Wifi and wifi hotspot at once
Is there a way to import a recipient's address from mutt into abook?
Print Screen button does nothing on Debian 8 "jessie"
Shell script executed with cron results in different size file than executed manually
find and replace with the value in another file
Get "recent files" in global file manager (Dolphin?)
Add arguments to last invocation of `find ... -exec $COMMAND {} +`
CentOS 7 Live - Read-only file system error
Getting Minor Version Mismatch Error with Php and Mysql
How can I remove part of folder name
Can connecting to a SSH tunnel result in a vulnerability?
How do I get a folder name using a wildcard and check for it's uniqueness
musl-gcc not working
How to add hostname, date, and fix disk size
Using awk to merge 2 files
Listing the packages in a package group on CentOS 7
dead.letter issue on Linux?
Running compilation scripts only if the source file is more recent than the compiled program
Failed unmounting /home during shutdown arch linux
Why kill -9 -1 doesn't work?
Rename specific level of sub folders
pexpect fails to match command if greater than 65 characters
Problem with touch pad in linux
Only one display mode for my monitor
make sure all lines in a textfiles don't have the same value
How to fix Russian letters in a Wine application when adjusting LANG does not help?
Need to delete a directory with name '~' created accidentally
Under Mint 12 on an HP Pavillion DV7, my wireless stopped working
How can I test the RAM for data corruption on an ARM-based system?
How do I install a device driver provided as a .bin file?
creating abbreviations for commonly used paths
How extreme-coupling in UNIX-like OSs can be acceptable?
Cygwin has no watch command?
Vim not running inside tmux
CentOS network connection breaks every 5 min
How do I configure Emacs to use 'ispell' on Mac OS X?
Hiding files on FTP server
Mint GUI doesn't start
Graphics dim, but mouse cursor not dim
changing name of some files in bulk
sqlite3 bash grep username
issue with find -exec cp
cshell alias: How to use nested single quotes(') in in cshell alias
Copying "live usb" install from USB stick to portable Hard Drive
Sendmail attach all files in directory
How to find out if a file on btrfs is copy-on-write?
How to return the nearest DNS IP based upon requesting client's IP?
Why does mknod require root privileges?
How can I replace a character in all the .php files inside a folder on OS X?
Installing oci8 php extension
ssh change user and execute command
Email generated with Python stuck in mailq, times out (Debian)
Newest, unstable version of Ubuntu somehow appeared in my sources.list
command to put hyphen in the second column if the space is given between a word
How to replace system beep with a pleasant sound in Debian
Check login history for root user
Count the number of blank lines at the end of file
High idle load of Xorg
combine two sed commands
Bash User Input Search For Who is On Server If Statement Error Too Many Arguments
Remove the gap pattern from files
duply fails on all command with, assert filecount == len(self.files_changed) AssertionError
SSH, opening a remote GUI and swrast error
How can I change directories and set bash options when logging onto to a remote server via ssh
How do I login to another UNIX machine and execute a shell script stored there?
date time as file name for dump file
Sending command to second shell
Using portion of a field in awk
Access Point Not-Associated : Kali Linux, and Airodump-Ng and wash command freeze
Kali Linux doesn't detect my hard drive partitions
How to show AIX bridge settings
Why in ":normal"command ^[ seems doesn't work with A? (vim)
Form a output by combining multiple lines
Can files survive partition table and file system recreation?
Systemd - A Stop Job Is Running
My basic assumption about system "iowait" does not hold
How to fix ".service: Start request repeated too quickly." on custom service?
Different tmux prefixes for different machines
How to insert text in a file after particular pattern in shell script?
Rsync isn't creating parent folders
get back sudo with Putty: /usr/bin/sudo must be owned by uid 0 and have the setuid bit set
How to bind function key to a different keyboard key?
Delete files same name but different file extension
error creating namespaces
How do I protect ports from visibility, using portsentry?
Mounting writeable xz compressed filesystem
kernel 2.6.32-696 and touch (as absolute mouse) just the press / release work, but not the movement
rsync automatic creation of daily directories and/or date appending
Difference between `touch file` and `>file`
mpd with bluetooth speaker has no sound
Choose an option from select in bash
slapadd error attribute type undefined
Gparted USB not detected by grub
Get parent nodes by child node selector with jq
Why can't tcsh do a single-line 'which -> vim' command?
Bash script, error "Arg list too long"
Installing mono messed something on my computer
Read a line then append pound sign (#) at the start of it based on a condition
Switch gnome-terminal with tmux - but completely
How to find out if there are files in a folder and exit accordingly (in KSH)
Replace patterns in a string
How to guarantee logical volumes will fit
File sharig between Live USB Kali Linux and main OS
Bonding onboard ethernet with USB modem dongle
How to read content of file and set it to a variable using bash shell within dockerfile?
What are the temporary files that rsync uses while continuing a breaked copy?
Add Columns to .csv from Multiple Files
How to install debian jessie-backports package after package removal using Docker?
Have custom grep exclude dirs for each project
Package manager says I have the latest version but there is a newer one
Hard disk Cylinder explaination
How do I print a certain line of python code using the Linux terminal?
Prevent dpms from being enabled again
Save and restore terminal tabs with custom tabs title
Would my programs run on freeBSD?
How do I correctly configure Danted?
Regex pattern search for alternating character case
When login into terminal, display custom text
Logrotate: Log file not being rotated
How to use grep and cut in script to obtain website URLs from an HTML file
Preserving color output with cut
l, ls & la -- what are the differences, and are there more of these commands?
CUPS denies access to printer
root permission denied on /proc/1/exe
How to extract array from within json to a separate txt file
Resize partition without using LVM
Shell - Print values in a comma separated string
terminal error message not cleared from the last session
Add a pattern before the delimiter
sshfs permission denied but works good with same pem file on a different client host
Do `disown -h` and `nohup` work effectively the same?
`$@` vs. `$*` behavior
[: =: unary operator expected
adding a pulse audio bluetooth sink configuration
Gnome Files (Nautilus) very slow to start on Debian Testing (Buster)
awk - Print all values with a suffix
bash script looping two functions
Does nohup apply only to a child process of a shell process, but not to a child process of a non-shell process?
Ubuntu boot fails on Lenovo P52 Thinkpad when hybrid display is set in BIOS
What does cat of a tar archive show?
Is it possible for i3 to hard-set full-screen size?
Transparently redirect all incoming traffic from wifi hotspot to specific port?
Why does `disown -h` make chromium-browser survive closing its terminal emulator tab?
Yum not found on Centos 7 " No module named yum"
Why doesn't grep remove lines of terminal output from find command by default?
rsync gets stuck on *.png files
Return value from nmap IP address only and pass it into a loop in Bash
Suspend and then resume a process in python scrip - Linux
Problem with permissions when trying to sync two external hard drives with rsync
Is SIGHUP sent to this orphaned process, and why doesn't it terminate?
How does the kernel find and initialize (wifi) network interface devices?
Zsh: check existing of file before expanding
Linux permission for group users to delete files and directory
Why was the process with the trap terminated instead of receiving SIGUSR1 from the child process
How to reload NetworkManager after installing NetworkManager-wifi
"sudo -s <command>" runs command in a shell, but wildcards or metacharacters not working
Is [Install] section obligatory for autostart services in systemd?
Run program and intercept and redirect syscalls
Server system suddenly inaccessible from Internet, but accessible from LAN -- problem is NOT in the router
How to correctly extract a .tar.gz with md5.sum on solaris 10
How to take read all the partitions from eMMC dump
Samba login fails
Redirect all lines of code to the same file in a single line
When was the environment variable PS1 created?
Add IP clients to DRBL from command line
rsync backup-dir with files in read-only folders
Mapping a word "foo" to a domain name "foobar.com"
Please set them or make sure they are set and tested correctly in the CMake files: PYTHON_LIBRARY (ADVANCED)
Cannot install clang 6 on arch linux
Same processes, different CPU usage
Can I see why apt-get install -f is removing my package?
Pump command output as function argument
When a session leader acquires a controlling terminal, how would the other existing processes in the session also acquire the controlling terminal?
$PYTHONPATH and sys.path don't seems to match
Port open/listen but no associated process
Is there a way to add a locale with the ISO-8859-1 character encoding?
How do I capture a MySQL result set in a bash array?
Where is the dependency information stored for an RPM package
How can I set the keyboard layout for the login screen before the first successful login in CentOS 7?
Variable assignment outside of case statement
Matching string with a fixed number of characters using grep
How to prevent certain memory location to be accessed
What do brackets mean in the output of pstree?
Alsa driver update in client machine without make
How does execution of !find command work?
YouCompleteMe not working after default install
Who does the linewrap and how to deactivate?
Viewing info pages in a browser
two if conditions in for loop bash scripting
copy mount from one server to another
Command line 'buffer'
wget files by pattern only from specified directories recursively
Is it possible to change passwords temporarily?
Can I safely delete old directories in my home directory?
Using Linux kernel config file from version to version
Random crashes on elementary OS
background gui process in shell script
remove duplicate entry from file1 if entry present in file2
Not able to see the progression of a file with `tail -f`
Change color balance on Intel Graphics
`cron` service and `at` command
understand the designation of symbolic links
Recovering a (not yet created) RAID5 with URE (Unrecoverable read errors)
Bandwidth Usage in OpenVPN
grep upto matching brackets
Mandatory argument for script to run java program
Unable to pass a bash variable as a python argument in bash
eth0: ERROR while getting interface flags: No such device
Vim FoldColumn color different on Debian / Ubuntu
Select a range of files after sorting them
Not able to SSH into VM
Chrooted SFTP user write permissions
Executable exists for everything but bash & file manager
.Xauthority file is empty
Python failing to import winregistry
How do pwd and . determine the current path differently?
What does Unix programming mean, exactly?
Expand ~, . and `..`
What's the relationship between the NIC's clock and PCIe 2.0 bus?
DHCP offer delay
How to install network drivers for Void Linux on a x200 thinkpad?
Bluetooth headphones pause/play button not working
Ubuntu 16.04 LTS mouse/keyboard doesn't work at login screen and then freeze
FreeBSD vs Linux: performance of kernel calling conventions
What do you call the calling convention behind `int 0x80`?
Can `su` preserve resource limits?
How to put items according to a heading?
x11-forwarding a window to another computer
How was Unix installed in the 70's-80's?
Cannot install postgis2_94 on Centos 7.5
How to extract data after a field in a file
Docker 'run' command to start apache
Is `help` commonly invoking sccs help in some Unix flavors?
Bash script to automatically encrypt log files
Conditionally pass params to a script
Linux Kernel code
Kernel parameters are not changed permanently for RHEL7
python easy_install or pip errors about sysconfig
BTRFS: resolve bytenr to file path
bash: how for loop sorts files when iterating
Apache SSL configuration Connection refused connect:errno=111
rsync --delete with superset destination folder
fish-shell: shortcut "ctrl-L"
SCO Unix 5.0.5, Progress 7 - partly broken terminal view after virtualization
single and double equals both behaving differently
CentOS does not recognize compiled boost library
Unable to telnet to a server
Postfix and Apache: Permission denied on CentOS 7
CentOS7 YUM proxy authentication failed
Compiling code lacking configuration script in Readme
How to fix mdadm: inactive RAID1 arrays, after unplugging one of the drives in both cases?
Cannot log in if shell is set to /usr/bin/bash
How to prevent certain packages from being updated in CentOS?
Linux giving permission to an user to the log file
Use crontab to start AnyDesk
What are "self" and "master" options for in "bridge vlan add"?
Why is top command showing users that the who command is not?
Purpose of cp -x (stay on file system)?
what does this command do sed 's/~/ /g'?
How to properly set Environment variables (golang on Manjaro)
Debian 10 (buster) - gdm3 only starts after "systemctl restart gdm3"
GUI application won't start in Konsole, opened in x2go session
FreeBSD PKG Backup
Reprepro not mirroring everything
find log files recursively and print "INVALID" if no log found (bash)
Turning USB into a terminal
Alternatives to cURL/wget for remote API calls
Clevo N141WU noise when fan is cooling
Rename Files to Same Filename Without Extension with find Command
'rename' with expression|replacement with a leading '-' (hyphen|minus)
How to make a USB device register as HID?
xdg-open tries to open URLs as files on LXDE
Bootloader installation failed
tmux send-keys confirm ssh tunnel is closed (after sending multiple commands to the remote host) before proceeding
How to Increment Variables dynamically
command line smart selection
dual monitor while gaming
java -version In Bash Script. Giving integer error
Authenticate with a private key
See 'man 7 undocumented' for help when manual pages are not available - WSL core Ubuntu 18.04 installation
How to install old apache version on Debian 8
How to select a line in Cygwin
Status of sysstat.service showing active(exited)
How to secure or disable rpcbind while being an NFS client?
Problem installing mariadb
Epson Pervection v39 scanner and Debian Buster
How do I use bash script to parse a JSON and run related commands according to the parsed results?
Why is my perl regex in my bash script not working? MacOS Terminal
Debian: what's the difference between "apt source" and "dget"?
Can I use different forms of authentication to log into my user account on a linux machine?
How to kill a process from Cron
Simple bash script with one variable not working
How to read a file line by line and put them as a variable?
Failed to install Guest Addition on VirtualBox - Windows 10 host RedHat Linux
File check for IP change
How bash sets tty attributes before and after running a command?
How to look for a specific string after a matched string from a file using sed, awk or grep
Hide mounted drives from Gnome favorites bar
Can't use new disk space after vdi hd resize
L1D unconditional flushing should be enabled to fully mitigate the vulnerability (CVE-2018-3646)
CentOS 8 system-config-users
Network problems after system reboot - Ubuntu 18.04 Server
Sniffing to Signal Coming From a Controller to Raspberry Pi
Routing over different subnets
M04635:55:000000000-CN24V:1:1101:11659:1906 1:N:0:26 111 0 111 0 meaning for trimmomatric file?
How to know a running progress's using configuration file?
I have an issue with a script that does file manipulation
how to install pip without network or internet
Pass variable to sed and change backslash to forward slash
What window manager allows to customize the options menu of a window?
Is there a way to make gnome-screenshot not blank the screen for a split second?
qemu-bridge-helper assign the same ip to all VMs
Linux disconnect two subnetworks
How to set terminus font as default in Arch linux
Can file permission values be called octets?
sshfs in fstab connection reset with ssh tunnel in ~/.ssh/conf when 'manual' command works fine
Strange permission issue [media server]
Incorrect $HOME env variable for a newly created user
point domain to my VPS CentOS7; Do I need DNS on my server?
KVM guest access to host usb-serial dongle
command substitution within c style for loop in Zsh
Search multiple remote file systems at once?
What is the proper encoding for a v4l device, what chromium can accept?
Passwordless SSH access not working with rejected message
How to print all subsets of a set?
zsh alias with arguements
Catch number of syntax errors in shell script
Asking your script to accept arguments which contains whitespace
VNC server on Arch with i3 and VNC viewer on Win 7
Add column to a table
piped command after grep not working
Scrolling with mouse wheel inside screen
wget not downloading files recursively
Learn the base of security and defend myself from external attack
Count the number of occurrences of specific number before each string in linux
set permission of file so that it is not deletable or writeable
eGPU Setup on Deepin 15.2 (Ubuntu Based)
Redirect traffic to specific website
Is `env` not to print out the environment in the current shell, but the environment received within `env`?
Using netcat for port forwarding
Debconf error in system with systemd
Can't pin Gnome Terminal to plank in Fedora
Install OpenSSL from source
Enabling HTTPS for pentaho bi-server - Tomcat
extract servers' blocks from Nginx conf
SELinux issue Full path required for exclude: net:[4026532292]
nodogsplash build: undeclared identifier
How to determine if script is called by interactive shell or another script?
replace lines from a file using script
Text file to fields (columns) every nth occurrence of a string
Any caveats to using bash disown from a shell script as an alternative to screen?
VirtualBox failed to install in Fedora 26
get value part of specific word in AIX
Can't clone https urls with git
Find duplicates in two files
How to modify an USB stick in order to have a device node as /dev/sda1 instead of /dev/sda?
Rotate webcam as well as screen (portrait mode)
how to import customers to dolibarr
Why do the directories /home, /usr, /var, etc. all have the same inode number (2)?
What's blocking this connect() from a Windows 10 box to an older SuSE on a WiFi LAN?
How to install pppoe package from usb instead of cdrom?
Fail when one command fail in sub-command
Why journalctl outputs in ASCII?
how append extra alias with some servers on particular words in authorization file in linux
Why must a process in TASK_INTERRUPTIBLE state that is preempted stay in run queue?
In a shell script, how can I (1) start a command in the background (2) wait x seconds (3) run a second command while that command is running?
Evince has the wrong margins when printing a pdf
ps command shows user id and not user name
Rewrite rule nginx, token
Btrfs super-recover says all superblocks are good but mount disagrees
Setting up an FTP proxy on Squid
CentOS 7 Taskbar/ Panels, Wallpaper & Mouse Disappeared
how to reterive the value present within the brackets
rm: refusing to remove '.' or '..' directory: skipping '..'
tar (child) error
Problem adding ppa's in Deepin OS 15.4
Catch and decorate each command before execution
Can I skip specific file from "**/*.xml" rule in jenkins?
Unable to connect to USB 3G Mobile Broadband
dual display X Windows configuration arm
tar broken pipe error
Xvnc multiscreen setup
How can a shell script perform actions if the file creation time has passed 5 minutes?
Unattended Upgrades failing
What are the drawbacks of using policy_any in openssl.cnf?
Changing the port letsencrypt tries to connect on
Rsync unable to remove remote file not exist in local
NetBeans IDE - Warning
grep content between two starting bracket
How to exclude auditd messages from dmesg and only log them in /var/log/audit.log
Tracking where the script stopped after timeout
Autocomplete from grep output
yum Invalid or prohibited port
In `dmesg | head`, (how) is dmesg being killed after 10 lines of output?
Screen wont work once monitor is disconnected
Is there a way for a dd of a 80 GB hard drive to be minimal in size?
Encrypting a p12 certificate
How do I print the data received on a serial port?
I can't install anything because apt-get requires an password
Is it feasible to fill a ntfs partition/device pre install with zeroess?
Preventing battery from constant charging in Ultrabook
CentOS 6.7: network is unreachable after a new clean installation
Apache 2 Debian SSL Certification not exist
What are the use cases for write-only and write-execute files?
Is libvirt dnsmasq exposed to the network, if I run Fedora without a firewall?
How to set the path for one cron command
/dev/console points to tty0?
Power consumption monitoring problem
Clarification regarding behavior of shell script along with pipe
What does "${x%% *}" mean in sh?
What are these commands for?
How can I test whether the output from a command is null or empty string?
What considerations need to be made when choosing the version of kernel for an embedded device?
File no longer available when trying to edit in vim via <()
Changing username but not home directory
Not able to extend the size of an LVM logical volume
Username conflicts on a central printer queue
HAProxy should not forward an incoming request to down instance
Log in with specific shell at terminal login
Finding which filesystem
How to copy datasets from prior version directory to latest version directory
Certificate extensions in generating and signing certificartes using openssl
grub2: how to bypass "press any key"?
Some processes not remaining in jobs list
How to switch text direction to rtl & ltr in kate and kwrite
tcsh shortcut to move the cursor back to previous space
Is it common to split larger script into multiple scripts and source them in the main script?
Openbox root autostart?
How to remove metapackage entirely in Debian
How do I rsync only some files in some directories
Alternatives to HUD
How does the server find out what client port to send to?
What email features/functionality are baked into a typical Linux/GNU distro?
The application gnome-panel has quit unexpectedly
Networking not working on ubuntu server 12.10 on B75MA-P45 mobo
Wait for a X window to appear/disappear (in a sane way)
Arclinux running xfce4 fails to start
Solaris: Script for finding the physical device path of all installed fiber cards
Playing DVDs on chromebook using crouton
How can I check if sata controller supports hotswap?
gnupg: Getting errors trying to gpg --gen-key
How to remove ^M and proceeding lines from a text file?
Runnning a python script on a socket with ncat?
Centos 7: Whois And Repositories
PAM vs LDAP vs SSSD vs Kerberos
Does the content of the file ever get cached by VFS?
Failed getting release file while running debootstrap with sudo
Extracting only specific multiple patterns from file
How to simulate adding new device (USB)?
Syntax highlighting error in syncolor.vim with VIM 8.0 on Ubuntu
How do I fix this spec file: it keeps giving me sed errors yet the only sed is long before the error occurs?
need help script
SD card image creation for RPi with U-Boot and redundant U-Boot environment in MMC
grep string from contents of file command then delete file
Why is permission denied for npm start using node-dev?
Where to find the downloaded file after dragging a FTP URL to the terminal?
Where is / why is there no log for normal user systemd services?
The ERE regex to split() string between a delimiter and end-of-word
"echo 3 > /proc/sys/vm/drop_caches" - Permission denied as root
LUKS - changing passphrase with /dev/mapper/fedora-root
Apache, svn at the root of domain with one exception
Virtualbox user home directory
How to search XTerm console history?
find + grep to match exact keywords in a file
Reconfigure login through root ftp (lost ssh access)
How to install C++ compiler for Eclipse
Reasons for rsync NOT transferring all files?
How do I decrypt a message using openssl's CLI?
fg a bg process because you forgot to redirect output to /dev/null
Do spellcheckers exist that are aware of Markdown?
If you ^Z from a process, it gets "stopped". How do you switch back in?
How can I migrate my Ubuntu installation from LVM2 to RAID5?
Debian: How to resolve Xserver failure
Reset running process when certain ammount of memory is consumed
How to escape spaces while using command's output in command line
"stdin: is not a tty" mails for running scripts as cron jobs
Show in folder does not select file
Shell script to wait for a packet from a certain port
Change MAC address of network interface on lower level
How do I stop title-escape-sequences from clobbering my GNU screen titles?
How to use the setarch uname command in a shell script
Remove silence from audio files while leaving gaps
Create directory from files and move files
Can I recover filenames from a failed RAID0 (Linux Debian 5.0.8)
Find first unique occurance of match in file using regex
Print stderr only if nothing gets written to stdout, otherwise print just stdout discarding stderr
Find a specific file in the nearest ancestor of the current working directory
Is there a Linux distro that's UNIX certified?
How to set HDMI sound output as default on Ubuntu 16.04
Regular Expression ^$ not working on UNIX using grep command
Is there a way to use apostrophes in sed commands?
Looking for an old linux distro for testing
How can I get a dependency of "default-jre" to work for .rpm packages?
How to set per process disk quota?
How to mount an USB disk attached to a NAS
How do I install minecraft Forge?
Is it possible to bind ^/ and M-/ in nano
Where mimeopen saves default app config?
what is difference between tap interface and normal interface?
Application shortcut for windows in KDE
startx not starting when you want to write its log
Issue starting Google Chrome on Kali Linux 2016
Distinguish between command that typed by human and run by script
ALSA: send audio to two audio devices
Move files in nested directories to dest folder but keep basename and discard folder structure?
Check sleep settings from command line?
Setting editor in mutt: vim with parameters?
copy recursively skipping directories with specific name
Cleaning up coredumpctl list
How to keep the file in RAM
ls displays files copied from an external drive with a yellow background
Installing Windows Logitech drivers for Logitech Gaming Software on Linux Mint
can't launch android emulator while logged in over vnc?
Permanent console on desktop as a "widget"
Unable to find Documents on iPad device when mounted
GNOME Desktop Dconf Settings Are Present Even Though Using Cinnnamon
libvirt guests: accept connections from outside network
Reading exchange email with mutt and davmail?
Fluxbox, how to launch specific instance of application in a workspace (from cli)
Linux with low resources
I no longer have smart bash completion for normal user
Improving OpenOffice speed
Debian 6 installation DVD required
what could cause large pagefault latencies in linux?
Volume up/down function keys limited to gnome-volume-control "Unamplified 100%" level
Some people told me FreeBSD is NOT Unix, is that right? Confused
Execute a command once per line of piped input?
set umask to 0002 for sftp and scp
What file systems on Linux store the creation time?
Run process with higher priority
Virtual packages like 'mono-common' can't be removed
How do I profile the kernel?
Difference between ' and " on command line (bash)?
Dual-boot OS X and Fedora
Faster way than ping for checking if computer online?
How to stop application from being suspended by Ctrl+z?
How to run a shell script containing an awk command
Is there a tmux shortcut to go read only?
Simple example of using Fedora alternatives to install old version of make
ImportError when running WSGI app in Apache: undefined symbol: PyUnicodeUCS2_DecodeUTF8
What documentation shows the associated numbers for linux signals like SIGTERM and SIGKILL?
Why do some regex commands have opposite intepretations of '\' with various characters?
Why does Linux scale so well to different hardware platforms?
Does bash support forking similar to C's fork()?
vim search around line breaks
Edid information
How to build a long command string?
7z command line add file to a flat directory 7z file
error booting the custom compiled kernel 2.6.37 on ubuntu 10.04 : gave up waiting on root device
Installing multiple packages with one yum command
Download and install latest deb package from github via terminal
How to do a binary install of Python 2.7 on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 11?
How to check accurately the remaining disk space on a partition?
How does bash interpret the equal operator with no surrounding spaces in a conditional?
Linux: Writing a watchdog to monitor multiple processes
Reroute one URL
Copy a File From One Zip to Another?
Remapping caps-lock to escape, and menu to compose, on the linux console
The equivalent of start-stop-daemon for RedHat 6
KMail: Search for messages with attachment
Setting System Timezone based on a timestamp
Command substitution declaration syntax in bash - which of these two is better practice?
similar content Project access from a single file
How do I delete a file in a read-only directory?
bash: regular expressions in if expression
sudo - impersonating a user
NTPd Not Syncing on RaspberryPi
RHEL 6.4: Openssl 1.0.0-27 libcrypto and libssl missing
Mounting Ext3 in linux different user
How to find site on shared server that is generating httpd requests
How can I put some comment in yum installation list?
How to find the cpu and memory usage of child processes
Why are some files and folders hidden?
Where should xt.vim be put on osX?
What is Lintian for?
Changing keyboard layout on Scientific Linux 6.0 and creating new keyboard shortcuts?
Is a page with "PROT_NONE bit set" eligible for swapping?
Can I specify the layout of a vsplit command?
Renaming multiple files with rename
Combining multiple functions into a single bash script
crlibm Library Installation Problem
Is there anything in RHEL 6.5 that would affect I/O speed for something <24K vs >24K?
ctrl+h,j,k,l not working when ssh to linux cluster
git remove from repo history a large subdirectory that was removed several commits ago
dm_crypt mount on login takes 90 seconds
Tab complete global alias names not at the beginning of a line
What's the difference between DRM and a graphics driver?
gnu tar's `tar --exclude-vcs-ignores` does not work with whitelist .gitignore
Can't install docker containers on ubuntu
Error executing 'msfconsole and bundle install' on termux - Android
CentOS 7 KVM host with two bridges
`rpm -q` and `yum` break after `rpm --rebuild`
Find a script in subdirectories and execute the script along with the path
Can't install windows guest on virt-manager
btrfs "bad tree block start" prevents mount and repair
sed command using regular expressions to replace the major minor and release number
top command, why such a big difference between VIRT and RES, while swap is 0?
Can one run linux from a folder via entry into bootloader (GRUB2 etc) rather than from a whole partition
"failed to insert 'vboxpci' invalid argument"
is there any advantage to use dns server instead of dns that based on /etc/hosts
is it possible mount automatically if from some reason mount folder isn't mounted
CLI E-Mail client with auto reply?
How to write a script to indent lines in the input files depending on how deep the brackets are nested?
String to replace in shell upto certain context
Connecting to BT-PAN through command line
Partition Start and End Calculation
Installing matplotlib
How can I debug or trace sorting for "LC_COLLATE=en_US.UTF-8 ls -l"?
The new volume group's Format do not be checked
New CF memory card not empty (random pattern instead of zeros)
Find a power_supply of type
ifupdown2: Run another ifup from post-up (nested ifup)
How do I combine two arrays in bash, by summing like-indices?
Can fstab dynamically mount a partition by reading from a file or filename?
Bluetooth file transfer PC-to-Android fails
no or unknown cpufreq driver is active after disabling intel_pstate driver
compare two column of two different CSV file & merge the output
Why does `^[ ]{0,}` not work with linux grep?
How can I teach fail2ban to detect and block attacks from a whole subnet?
Multiple DH/ECDH parameters in Apache 2.4.7 configuration file
Run full kde desktop remotely on another Linux box?
Pass a function arguments?
Flash memory and set to read only , Is it virus?
The best way to add Unix Shell variables to CURL GET request
redirect output from interface?
Rename multiple files with mv to change the extension
Read a character from an x-y coordinate on the screen
why cisco VPNC work on the second time each time and not on the first time
Sendmail stopped sending mails, "did not issue MAIL/EXPN/VRFY/ETRN during connection to MTA"
NetworkManager does not detect when cable is connected or disconnected
How can I generate two Grub2 entries for each kernel?
Procmail - auto reply with attachment
How do I start an application fullscreen without loading IceWM desktop environment?
Linux Mint 17.1 incredibly slow on AMD A8-5600k
how to change git path?
Disabling strict mode does not take effect from the config file
Check if logged in remotely
errors while installing python-pip on ubuntu
Disable viewing/listing rights to users
Can't enter GNU GRUB boot menu!
Using Rsync to SSH and Find files
Apache httpd cannot parse php on CentOS 7
Is there a way to change the number of processors a program sees?
Replace multiline string in files
Opening a socket in Kali Linux using bash scripts
Where is dhclient.conf in Fedora 22
Mounting old cyrillic HFS partition in modern Linux
Fedora OS Sound Not Playing Through Projector Via HDMI Cable
Strange error in logs: send_done_cb: No such interface 'org.gtk.vfs.Enumerator' on object at path etc
Converting MBR to GPT because of dual-boot
When installing an updated Linux version, how do I reuse old home directory?
Folders with color Debian
xrandr --dpi does not affect Gnome Apps on i3wm
No sound in Kali Linux 2016 2 on VMWare
Xorg.conf settings ignored in Fedora 25
Update Firmware of Samsung 840 Pro
Naming displays in Fedora 25's settings
Would it be possible to grep two specific things of output?
How to find all git repositories within given folders (fast)
scroll down by one line near the end of the file in less
Sending signal to systemd to stop messages from appearing on console
What does "set -f" in Korn Shell do?
KVM - How to remove virtual video card, but keep the SPICE Server?
Add 0 when ever the value is 12 character
how to alert the result of command?
Error installing anything on Kali 2.0
Setup sound balance on 5.1 surrounding
Recovering partition from a linux RAID 1 array
Connecting Kali to the Internet
Access higher TTYs and the role of getty
How do I disable the system beep in FreeBSD 10.1?
How to switch to other users's process?
Weird G++/AR Compilation issue
How to forcibly update a file if left unchanged after 55 minutes?
enp3s0: link is not ready
Cron service running but not visible by "top"
Problem with loading settings from .bashrc
How to access screen created by other users?
How to passively capture from Unix domain sockets (AF_UNIX socket monitoring)?
Is there any advantages of using rpm-based distro for Java development?
EXT4 requiring twice as much storage space - Ubuntu / Beets
I get a blank screen
Issue when running wget inside a bash script with an url stored in a variable
How to delete every second line from a file?
Is there any program like deep freeze for Debian allowing installations and compilations?
Network access behaviour problem
Nginx php doesn't execute
Enable Massive Concurrent SSH to a single server
How to stream webcam on linux vps with videolan and output to html
zsh - complex filename matching
yum:How can I instruct yum to install a specific version for X
How to create wireless bridge connection with nmcli
Why won't my FTP script get all the files using mget command?
How to stop yum changing file permissions
How could I run -exec on find command after | grep
AWK summary file from a filtered list
AWS CLI - not working in a crontab
Check services running on the server and restart them if they have stopped?
User verification
Concatenate table without header
Deadlock on read/wait
rpm file to deb Ubuntu 10.04.4 LTS
Extract columns of a string using grep
RAID-5 array degraded, seems like >1 failure; can I recover without data loss?
Kill all processes related to an application
How to test the touch screen on embedded devices like iPhone / iPad / Kindle?
What to do when ubuntu-vm-builder completed?
Global cache config of debootstrap
zsh !! and !$ auto execute as it does in bash
dhcp: Host name lookup failure
Under Mint 12 and the latest version of the Enlightenment window manager the battery monitor gadget doesn't report correctly
Partition not mounting from fstab
How to ensure that a custom emacs macro operates on region?
Run a script after some command were executed
How to burn mp3 files to an audio CD under Scientific-Linux 6.1?
How to install libboost 1.54 on Debian?
How to compare files from Solaris and Linux
Download all .gz files from a website with http
Fedora 24: how to get the wx-config script detected in openSUSE Build Service?
Conky appears above other windows when started with xinit
How to upgrade Fedora from 20 to 25
How to enable Arabic keyboard in Peppermint OS 7?
Batch, add filenames to txt in bash
Multi Touch and Display
Grep 3 Capital Letters and Digits into Two Variables
How do delta RPMs work at the server end?
"cd : permission denied" though group has access
Nameserver locked on public access point
How to equalize Arabic/Farsi font size with Latin fonts in the terminal?
How can I run a same command in mac terminal for multiple files in a folder?
Insert word between each matching line
Using Awk to print desired lines of nslookup
Calling xrdb from a remote server to load Xresources files
How to fix I/O error on external HDD?
Bash script to parse lines between dashes (--)
Tool to auto-format shell script
What's the right way to base64 encode a binary file on CentOS 7?
what relations are between my current controlling terminal and `/dev/tty`?
Why do Linux command line scripts use '-' and '--' as a parameter prefix?
How to get the number of records in a directory that has .tsv extension
Compare text files skipping N symbols from each line
GPG seems to alter imported keys
exceptions to ERR trap
How do I configure to 'monit' monitor a process after it restarts?
How can I run a VM on a diskstation DS218 from an external drive
Wireless scanning with FUJITSU Document Scanner ScanSnap iX500 on Linux
Manipulating Output from cURL
Ubuntu 16 Sudo SU Incorrect Password Attempts
ddrescue: How to retry for 1 bad block after all other data is safely stored?
How can we set up a signal trap to be SIG_IGN and SIG_DFL in bash?
bash function with dot in the name
Is it possible to boot a grub-mkstandalone created img file from cfg?
How to disable parallel run in bash script
Linux AIO / io_submit / io_getevents / on fifo (named pipes)
How to have multipl 'level 3' modifier using xkb
How to find a string from multiple .csv files
How can I beep without PC speaker
Displaying a remote window in a EOD session
how to set Internal Variables in mailx in linux?
How to sum column values for each row in two csv files using bash script?
Cronjob is running every minute but not at a specific time
How to remove line break if line character count less than n chars
Get the filename that the record come from
openvpn: iptables not forwarding
Hide and unhide cursor with tput
arithmetic syntax error in string compare
WIFI Connection with Live CD but not with installed OS
how to extract package-links from pacman[Solved]
Give permissions to change permissions
Apply same field from different records to an operation.
Large downloads interrupted on nginx reload
Where to save temporary files for shell scripts
How to convert SSH public key from PEM to DER format?
grep string where next line does not contain string
unable to connect to forwarded port over ssh
Systemd postgresql start script
How to use routing to use the next available inetface
Executing script after error
Force reconnect on sshfs drive mounted via fstab
Iptables rule to drop packets to and from local network
Here Document on Platform LSF
Grepping from a parameter file for non-matching text
OpenConnect: Setting default routes
RHEL 6.6 Cluster - Waiting for Quorum Timed-out
Any problem assigning one variable to another in shell without using quotes?
idle speculation about gui recovery
Why is passing the secrets via environmental variables considered "extremely insecure"?
tar extracts with invalid permissions - is it an intended behavior?
Apache will not start on CentOS in Local Network
How to rename multiple files with a prefix and suffix using a find command
How to installed Debian 8.8 uEFI
How to change the notification timeout in GNOME?
How to check mac address of the cable?
flashplugin vs. PepperFlash
Get the percentage of usage for a mount point
What is the default SHA512 salt used in passwd and for the hash stored in the shadow file?
How to setup two linux hosts connected via USB 3.0 crossover cable, and act as if one is a device
How to use the grep command to search all Urls in a database file except hyperlinks and http://www.example.com and store it in a different file
virtualbox uefi PXEBoot
Execution Errors after perl update on arch linux
Bash script fails when run on sudo
copy lines where a character occurs even number of times
htop - why does cpu% much higher than cpu core %?
Taking two integer arguments (the first smaller than the second) print out lines between the two integer arguments
embedded ranges in AWK file
Is `argv [0]` of `execve()` required to be the same as the basename component of the `pathname` argument?
elif condition in an if statement
Customize zsh prompt to separately show tail of current working dir
Mac Address filter in IPtables
process name from ps command show ? instead of _ (question mark instead of underscore)
Adding iptables to yocto causes image do_rootfs to fail
Variable not getting resolved inside $()
Move all files into subdirectories named after part of file name
DNS Zone file will not load
pam_sss(sshd:auth): received for domainuser : 10 (User not known to the underlying authentication module)
How to prevent Vim from translating C-j into C-m when started by the zle widget `edit-command-line`?
How do i swap the first word of a line with the last word in a line
How to enable all users to access arduino card?
Screen and kitty what should $TERM be?
Testing if a file descriptor is valid (for input)
Bash - Find - move files bigger than certain size
initifywait --exclude does not fire when there is at least one not excluded file
Reformat lvm to ext4 and change mountpoint
What distro of Linux would work best on a Dell Vostro 200?
How to give each Firefox profile its own application icon in Plasma
How can I ssh into multiple password protected machines to reboot them?
Should the last line in a configuration file have a newline after it?
Audacity won't start after upgrade to Debian Sid (relocation error)
Need UDEV to set device ownership with AD/LDAP users and groups after sssd starts
Unix socket communication how to see the relationship of the nodes
UEFI Stub booting not working
How to backup a file by date located in a remote server
Disable writeback cache throttling - tuning vm.dirty_ratio
LVM Mount Point issue
How to find if partition is soft partition or not - Solaris 10
Filter on html tag
How to find a newly joined node has windows, Linux or Solaris operating system?
Grep command for string doesn't exits only in uncommented line
SSH to FreeBSD in UTF-8
iscsiadm: cannot make connection to <IP>: No route to host
how to invoke awscli from pip install?
Right-to-left reversed text and alignment issue in mobaxterm on Linux
webvirt authentication
awk -- change after multiline context
yum update fails: Error: Cannot retrieve repository metadata (repomd.xml) for repository …
Sort order to order this list in a specific order
How to auto-connect to samba drive without pop-up
How do I rotate my application log on Ubuntu?
Downgrading numpy 1.12.1 to 1.10.1
centos 7 troubles with apache
remapping the caps lock key to less than greater than and pipe key
Cannot connect to EC2 server anymore:"Connection refused on port 22"
Changing asterisk call-in directory recording?
Shared object "libarchive.so.7" not found, required by "pkg"
How to change keyboard layout with a game controller
Search and replace a sequence inside bracket
Getting "ensure" / "finally" functionality in a shell command (not script)?
Kill a process started by execl
Attributes of Swap Partition
Looking for a terminal download manager
Restore PYTHONPATH after setup.py install with PYTHONPATH
How do I disable the profile picture on the lock screen in Cinnamon
Checking if a command fails - After redirects or before?
Unusual high load average (due to peak I/O wait? irqs?)
ptpd won't start as a service
Why does the command echo `echo \\\z` output \z?
python2 and OpenSSL don't play together on Kali - how to fix?
Why would Linux be killing my process?
How can I find out what plugin is missing in nmcli?
On Solaris; find, append to a tar ball and compress question
Install grub on Windows 7 partition within Kali Linux
How to recover my ext4 drive accidentally overwritten by an mkswap?
Excluding users from Match Group on SSH
How to recover xfs data after rm?
The alsa-restore service is not working
How to pass file names as variables to an executable program?
Unable to Login to Custom CentOS created using Kickstart
Issues installing Nvidia drivers in Debian 9
How to restart ZFS?
How to disable the on-screen keyboard when I use the touch screen?
how to use awk to process iostat output, with flags
Permission for group user to change permissions
Probe or reset DisplayPort/HDMI connection on boot?
Deepin Linux can't share folders
OpenCV based programs optimization embedded linux OS
Could not find writable mount point for cgroup hierarchy 13 while trying to create cgroup
Filter tasks scheduled for the future in Taskwarrior
Different cat Output for Hard Linked File over SSH?
How do I uninstall Python 2 from Ubuntu?
Passing parameters by shell script file to expect script
Syntax error near unexpected token `fi`
How to find out why server turned on
How to read Linux "martian source" logs?
ZFS mount dataset for zone
LibreOffice Writer crashing on Debian "buster" with Gnome desktop
Reading EDID from EEPROM
ps command not giving output in home directory
Should I include a trailing slash / in a symlink to a directory?
Where is the setting that sets Experimental repo to lower priority?
Is there a tool that hooks to two directories and synchronizes them as soon as something changes?
How to set default APT source
How can I get real-time information about monitor plug/unplug events?
Lightweight MS Paint/MacPaint equivalent FLOSS in Linux?
Rotating log files while process still running
FreeBSD 10 with Root-on-ZFS using only a part of the disk
how to make logstash read kannel log
Delete an array in awk
What is the purpose of UUIDs for NICs?
Question about openSuse server
Cannot mount second 1TB harddrive in Linux, works fine in Windows 8.1
Is the content of a file always stored continuously?
Get allocation status of a file's range in an FS which supports delayed allocation
netcat echo server - possible with pipes instead of commands as strings?
Prevent pressing the alt hotkey from focusing menu in Gtk 3
Saving terminal windows in mint
How to reinstall yum?
How does xrandr identify/choose which resolutions to offer?
NTP Problems - sntp: too many bad or lost packets
Attempt to fake a 2D multidimentional array in bash by storing the array name as string
How to go back to original top panel in Debian Mint xfce?
Wireshark or MC installation wants to remove gnome and more
Open port 80 in CentOS 6.5
Unplug AC causes anacron to stop. No resumumption if cron.daily had already started?
Problems with SIG WINCH
tcpdump of SCCP or GSM MAP messages
Mutt index disappearing on IMAP reconnect
Is it better to set -j REJECT or -j DROP in iptables?
How can I fix/install/reinstall grub?
Linux Source Routing with one gateway
How (if possible) can I terminate a specific blocker hanging a program?
ubuntu groups not returning all my groups
Rebuilding RPM results in "invalid numeric value"
After updating sSMTP to version 2.61 I cannot send mail via gmail
Mount Drive Unplugged, Folder Still Writable
Can I use my own ld.so.cache?
Only met by a tty "login" prompt when booting Mint
Where are stored the Youtube videos cache in Google Chrome?
Hung system call
Convert links of downloaded website
Force title on GNU screen
Finding a substring in files across subdirectories with a single built-in command?
Recreated VG. Is it possible to add existing LVs to it?
NIS: How to allow access to both local and remote users' home directories?
Ssh login hook?
Attempting to update Amazon Route53 using a script, but domain is not being updated
Theming in tiling window managers?
IP to Country console command
terminal - having "$" instead of MyComputer:~ me$
What is the minimum version for liblgrp support on Solaris
avoid IPv6 link local address on interface
How to reconnect a logically disconnected USB device?
ls pagination on MontaVista with BusyBox
Change the icon of an executable file from command line
Multiple X startup profiles
Is there a robust command line tool for processing csv files?
Jump to start of the line in Bash's Vi mode
Theme config files for programs of common GUI toolkits
How to print to a Lexmark 5630 printer using CUPS
Bash script IDE
Can root kill init process?
How to make files created by a specific user to have specific permissions by default
rename directory of images numeric
How to split the terminal into more than one "view"?
screen + vim -- Any way to automatically set screen window name to open vim filename?
Can't ping broadcast
Network Filesystem + Local Access
How does Linux manage fonts?
I can't delete a file that I have write permissions for as a group member
Working with rar files
Compatible Wireless Router?
vim -N mode: where to use it?
What packages are required to install vim on Fedora?
Why is the US international keyboard layout on Debian/Ubuntu different?
How to create a copy of DVD that is larger than maximum size of file on filesystem?
Why is the US international keyboard layout on Debian different?
*nix working on eBox 3300
Backtrack panels issue
NFS permissions and slow copy
Skype error in ubuntu 10.10
Emacs text-scale-adjust causes line numbers column to incrementally shrink and disappear
Dual boot - Kubuntu and Windows 8 - how to?
ERROR:While Updating
Which was the very first music player application for Linux?
Cannot make anyfs-tools. My e2fslibs package seems not to be the compatible version
How I should load file with setkey -f
What was the old linux game for programmers, simulating a life on a grid of pixels?
Let the server own the file created by the client on a Samba share
ARP request with wrong IP address
How does system know where the first logical disk starts?
sshfs LocalForward without config file
Easiest method to create pdf from template using command line (without pdflatex)?
Can I have the shell ignore the command line sometimes but not always?
How to get the group that a user belongs to in SCO
IP Prefix - how do I declare this?
Running ipython notebook on Debian
OpenWRT configuration when router is in bridged mode
Something like VMware "Changed Block Tracking" (CBT) in linux
Shell scripting: -z and -n options with if
Saving a kernel config file through menuconfig results with different options?
Fedora 19: can't disable the firewall
I can't use the command ftp
Is there a Linux deep diff tool that also compares file attributes?
command to reboot as non-root user
no irq handler vector
Some garbage characters in Linux terminal
Why do the data and code segments completely overlap in Linux?
How can I prefer one wifi network over another?
Java "Could not reserve enough space for object heap" even though there is enough RAM
Moving to Solaris (from Linux)
Video4Linux installation
How to hide files from Bash?
Escaping blackslash in sed
What causes cron to continuously send mail and how can I disable it?
Mount a workstation dir upon login to server over ssh
How to repair a corrupted HFS+ partition from a damaged hard-disk?
Postfix not responding to telnet
How to create a patch file for new source code
How to Free Up Space in a Dynamically Growing qcow2 VM image?
Same grub menu for two GNU/Linux distributions
Steam crashes on launch at OpenSUSE
paste url into terminal(urxvt, zsh) failed, some characters get escaped
Dual boot with persistence
How to boot via grub2 rescue promt on UEFI system?
Load Lakka(linux based) onto the Intel Compute Stick?
GTK gtkdialog window to make a link
Not getting a static IP for CentOS 7
Is it possible to p2v a standalone linux system for VMware workstation?
Can't Install LibreOffice due to Dependency Problem
Ethernet to USB adapter is not initialized as ttyUSB or ttyACM device
Bash - Integer expression expected
Install Linux to SSD or HDD for virtualizing Windows with QEMU?
Is a mail forwarder possible without a domain?
How can I know the total size taken by specific kind of files in my hard drive?
How to test '.htaccess' from command line
Understanding the usage of ln
Does `ln -sf` overwrite existing files which are only symbolic links
Fit timestamps of multiple files/folders to existing ones
Properly set execute bit based on file type?
What command lines should I use for the following?
Is it possible to change a server tag in irssi? How?
How to install specific parts of LibreOffice on Arch Linux?
Replacing the SSH agent in GNOME Shell, Wayland, and SystemD
Enable Scrolling and right click in trackpad in Kali along with keyboard backlight
iptables rules to access/mount a remote NFS server
[Linx Mint - Mate 1.8} Is there a zoom/scale applet?
Login screen display not working
Add real dead zone in Synaptics Touchpad Driver
`man ascii` is misaligned when using vim as a pager
Linux installation on an extended drive related
What is the difference between "extended" partition and "logical" partition
CCD cam to USB - AV grabber for linux
How can I log samba events?
can ping, can't connect by IP - resetting the network fixes it briefly, then it breaks again
last modified with grep
Switch between numbers and symbols on caps lock
Quick and dirty way to run a process more than once
How to configure FOSS ATI drivers on Debian Wheezy and ATI RS880 [Radeon HD 4250]?
Can't install pg gem
inode limitation on a 500GB hard disk? Can you explain please?
Get text-file word occurrence count of all words & print output sorted
How to make a list and count LaTeX keywords in a source file?
Why do we have to wait for a Video (over samba share) in VLC?
Conditionals do not work in . ./script
Debian blu-ray and dvd both have 3 disks, what is the purpose of the blu-ray discs?
How to install compiler tools with opkg on MIPS CPU architecture
How can I mount Android encrypted FS on desktop Linux?
Shutdown PC after suspending terminal process (apt-get upgrade)
Copy a wifi module from Ubuntu to RemixOS?
Looking for a (preferably "all-zsh") alternative to printenv that can handle Unicode in variable names
How do I extract only alphanumeric characters from a given text file and print them?
Infinite loop one liner for pen testing
Send a message to a "screen" to be received by a device on /dev
List available man page sections for an application
Workaround for missing rm -I option on OSX?
make x11 window always on top (virtual keyboard)
The server is not accessible only from my IP?
Apache2 home directory on Fedora
Setting environment variable using shell script
I use OpenSMTPD on OpenBSD 5.8! How can I automatically encrypt E-mail with OpenSMTPD
Return value from a subscript in ksh
OpenVPN server on Kubernetes cluster / DNS and Service resolution
I have a stable release with OpenBSD 5.8 built. I'd like to upgrade OpenBSD 5.8 now on stable!
Why is my rsync slow?
Equivalent to 'w' in Vim to next non alphanumeric character?
search the most latest's file name
How to enter vim user manual without being in VIM
how to merge device tree overlays to a single .dtb at build time?
Getting list of corrupted file from folder and its sub folder
USB Bluetooth dongle not working
run multiple instances of MySQL CentOS7
Small CLI-only distribution based on Arch or Debian
Lenovo ThinkPad headphones trouble (combo jack)
Using wpa_supplicant to select an access point
remove bottom panel in xfce
Configuring Samba permissions
regular expression for changing all IDs in a VCF file
menuconfig! failed
Change Ubuntu 18.04 Nautilus context menu "Open in Terminal" from "Gnome-terminal" to "Tilix"
Cannot use live USB installation media on Dell XPS 13 7390 Developer Edition
How is the "command line" passed from the bootloader (grub) to the kernel (linux)?
Environment and benchmarks to evaluate data structure layout randomization in Linux kernel
Working with dates in bash, does this run when I expect?
I have a problem with samba and ip-camear
Why Magic VLSI cad tool is not shwoing toolbar?
Chroot, pivot_root with fallback
Printing only the value and excluding null
Find text with wildcard
Save past GNU screen output to a file
Is there a standard namespace for local definitions of multi-key characters in the ~/.XCompose file?
pfSense, transparent proxy to VPS public IP
How to install PHP 7.3 on MXLinux 18?
RAID device won't mount in OpenWRT
How to split logs into monthly, daily and hourly folders when bringing in syslog events?
Why shell command work in my GitBash but same is not working in linux
Unix: How do I list all directories containing a program name
How to escape linux character over ssh
Open VPN - Networking, Trying to get site access
Convert key=value blocks to CSV
Unable to install yum and mysql,ssh
Understanding the gcc library search path
some sed commands fail when in background
On my local machine, what can Screen bring, which a terminal emulator or nohup/disown can't?
32 bit aplications aren't installing properly on 64-bit
Swapping hard drives results in being unable to boot
What are the use cases for a hard disk's WWN?
How to add a delay to the power button for accidental bumps
shell - mysqldump works with echo but not directly
autocomplete with inline variable setting
Insert new text in the middle of a file replacing old text without re-inserting the same things over and over?
Is there a way to tell how many commands I've run since I ssh'd / logged in, in bash?
zsh: populate search input with existing line contents when ^R is pressed?
Delay between TCP send and actual write to the NIC
USB-C AlternateMode not working even after upgrading kernel to 4.19
Why I'm unable to install a package with apt
How to install nitrux os?
Why i3lock and xautolock and not xscreensaver?
Does a terminal emulator execute a program always indirectly via shell?
AWK print specific fields without specific word
pm-suspend vs systemctl suspend?
Is a virtual console running as a process and implemented based on pseudoterminal?
Replace @@@ and NotApplicable string and redirect output to other file?
How to create gnome-terminal as a child process of my process
Converting data and using sed/awk
MacOS parsing for ASN
How we can change the priority of a process with top command in linux?
Are timestamps created with new GPT partition tables?
Set time with "Date -s" return "invalid date"
SSH - Interception
ProjectM "Easter Egg Parameter" in config.inp?
Batch moving a custom set of images with Ranger?
How do I delete a single one-off file without disturbing the batch-job I'm making?
how to fill the computer object description in windows AD from Linux CLI
Vlookup with duplicate values through AWK
Is `pam_limits.so` used like a command?
Dash Slash Meaning vs just Slash -/var vs /var
Resize2fs keeps asking me to run e2fsck -f
Using comm with NULL-terminated records
Script continues execution after call to gnome-terminal
How to find word and change only next second line word
Is there a more lightweight solution to read/write MP3 with Linux+Python?
JQ (GET ID based on NAME)
generating git commit info with rubber (for LaTeX, Debian)
Change Terminal's background with a command
Cannot Activate Arc-Dark theme on Ubuntu 15.04
Showmount -e localhost is empty?
Why does "ls .*" show the contents of hidden directories?
How to make Grub boot before Windows bootloader?
How to install Docker on Tails
Find out what scripts are being run by bash on startup
How to install Google Chrome on Kali Linux 2016 (Kali GNU/Linux Rolling \n \l)
Why does 'ls -L' print the name of the link itself, not the name of the file that the link points to?
How to set up automatic connection of bluetooth headset?
How to make SSHD start early in Fedora?
Does killing a process close all files opened by that process?
How do I make Xorg completely ignore one of my display adapters?
Adding backtick ( ` ) to heredoc output in shell command
creating an overlay directly over a mount (systemd-fstab-generator causes error)
OverlayFS Seamlessly Edit File in Lower Directory
How do I troubleshoot a yum repository problem that has an error "No package ... available" error?
dirty_ratio per device
Difference between commands >hostname and >echo $HOSTNAME and the entry hostname in /etc/rc.conf : FreeBSD
SSH banner not showing
"Sudo" prefixed command doesn't work; without sudo does.
terminate screen monitoring serial port
sed fails to remove newline character
Unable to use make to install Valgrind
Cannot connect to wireless network with Ralink MT7601
how to use ser2net control port
tcpdump filter expression breaks via adb
unbootable usb stick "Non-system disk or disk error"
Debugging info in linux kernel - how does it work?
Can I edit an event (gamepad)'s behavior?
POSIX description of cp -R
Multiple passes of wiping disk with `dd`
Disable or remove default vim keybinding
Tool for migration of service configuration
stop IP address to land on website home page
How to set the path of the default compiler in ./cshrc
How can I pass the success (or failure) of a command to a variable?
How can I do to use a email service for a same domain on other server
Terminal vs bash?
Mimic alt + backspace in iTerm2
mpd fails to open ALSA device where aplay succeeds
lwp-request Fails After Upgrade to Centos 7
Why does "grep '.*[s]' file" work and "grep .*[s] file" doesn't?
When removing a package via "apt-get remove", why do you have to (sometimes) upgrade other packages in the process?
How to recover a partition recreated with gparted
How to run TOR on boot instead using Vidalia?
Official [beginner friendly distro] reference for actual beginners
How to change the Qt version used by TeXstudio in elementary os Freya?
Moved CGI-Bin folder by mistake, now site won't work
Setting Up New CentOS server - Partitions Sizes and File Systems
Can a Linux system have two IP's Simultaneously?
Run another command before running the command the user wants to run
How to copy files from the folder without the folder itself
NetCat never ending http session
ls .. doesn't work properly with symlinks
Why does bash variable expansion retain quotes?
Cannot SSH to localhost - host key verification failed
PHP file permissions for Development machine
How to remove the (1) from filenames using the find command
How to get hgk working on RedHat Linux?
How to active tabs on windows by terminal? wmctrl doesn't have option available
Why does mutt retain deleted emails in view until you "sync your mailbox" using $?
GlusterFS & Mercurial don't like each other
Shell script filtering through jpg files attributes
Where can I learn more about how to use the GRUB `ntldr` command (module?)
How do I launch Pidgin when I click on an irc:// link?
Weird zsh grep -P behaviour
Do I have to list modules in both `/etc/mkinitcpio.conf` and `/etc/rc.conf`?
Job to keep a count of XML files
Remap select window 2 in tmux
tmux after start
How do I run safecopy in terminal?
how to fatch fasta sequences if header line match from another file
Why does single quotes around arguments fail to prevent "syntax error near unexpected token '('"?
Point-to-Point VPN: Ping works perfectly, but data transfer works only towards one side randomly
Non-Root User SSH Privileged Command with File Piping
Addressing USB-Stick by UUID as kernel parameter in grub.cfg
vsftpd won't start: "systemd[1]: vsftpd.service: main process exited, code=exited, status=2/INVALIDARGUMENT"
Does dm-multipath schedule I/O?
Patch: auto answer no
Creating a device similar to /dev/random from a script
What is the default rEFInd OS Stanza for booting Arch Linux?
stop node server in tmux
Privilege for a linux application
Stop all processes by a user: children of supervisord are still running
Export Command History into a Shell Script
BRMS Giving error when importing repo.xml on other node
How is the visibility of a file-system mount limited?
Untar and gzip from multiple sub directories
How do I exit the window manager on the current X display?
"Found duplicate PV"
Using find with 2 sets of variables
How to get tab completion when using curly braces in Bash
How do I make Debian start with IceWM-lite by default at startup?
acpi_listen returns different result in Ubuntu than Arch Linux
How do I install mod_pagespeed using apt-get?
Xorg: Screen 1 deleted because of no matching config section
Unable to delete directory
How do I install the cs_CZ.ISO8859-2 locale on Ubuntu 12.04
Preload movie on RAM
assigning files of a group to another one
cat command from textbook is not working on my Ubuntu Natty
Configuring syslogd in Ubuntu
How to share a tethered iPhone internet connection with VirtualBox guest?
Phrase Express Equivalent for Linux?
Hibernate does not power down laptop
how to install monodevelop with d language add-in on Mint 12
Linux from Binaries
Compiling FreeRTOS on ubuntu
upstart-udev-bridge is using 100% CPU (and a known fix doesn't help)
SSH login with clear text password as a parameter?
Keyboard and mouse do not function in Debian
Does a terminal multiplexer have any benefit when used with a tiling window manager?
How to download a file through an SSH server?
"unexpected end of file" in bash script
How to use pdfsig from poppler-utils
Is there any way for `ls -d` when not passed any arguments to skip displaying `.`?
Rsync over SSH, who does the remote machine think I am
Scheduled bash script using systemd timer
Delete only files older than 7 days: -mtime and find
Accessing Android smartphone (Galaxy S3) via an unstable USB connection
CIFS mount no longer working
rsync with symlink on path
Copying folders from MTP device using libmtp (over USB)
Checking environment variables' value in Makefile
Bind Ctrl-\ in inputrc?
search for exact string in unix
Clock drift in a VirtualBox guest
Do less severe log level INCLUDE more severe log levels?
How to build a specific package from a Debian source package?
How to downgrade VirtualBox after a kernel upgrade to 4.1.4-1?
Trying to request a variable before running a curl and read back as integer
Relationship between Interface Speed and Processing times
mongodb unmet dependencies
Unattended build of linux kernel
Prevent other users from reading my files
"Too many open files ssh" when the number of open files is far below ulimit
Ctrl-y, yanking x-clipboard contents to terminal adds shell prompt string
How to set upstart as default on Debian?
scp ssh: connect to host 10.0.0.109 port 22: No route to host lost connection
Compile Package without installing needed libraries
Bash script (with a java command) does not exit (script 2)
Why is my /etc/hosts file not being read?
How to install dependencies of an rpm package without installing the package itself? (rhel/fedora)
Executing command in a script as other user takes 10-15 seconds before execution
Insert both characters if a dead key combination is not recognized (e.g. 'a → á, 'b → 'b)
Left-Click not working in OpenSUSE
How to override email address used by at command
I can't use mouse wheel scroll in Eclipse XFCE
Why isn't there a Unix API?
Will btrfs snapshots ever share page cache?
Using rsync with the verbose option and filtering the information displayed
How to install Ubuntu on a USB drive ext4 partition?
How to start two processes piggie-backed? So the first finishes when the second finishes?
How to run a function in background?
I am wondering about the DISCONNECT time base of wpa_supplicant
Permission error when creating backup on gitlab omnibus installation
SSH: connection reset after idle for some time
Removing Folders from Linux Tree View?
If column matches another file, print every line with match (awk/grep)
Why do nesting of program in OPENMP increases execution time?
sed match the 2nd occurrence of the pattern
how do I configure trn4 for multiple news servers?
Roles may not be assumed by root accounts
Default value of Gateway in route o/p
nis authentication
grub2 menu missing graphic characters
What is the standard way to enable CTRL+arrow (alt+B and alt+F) in the non-GUI console?
How do I reload a group of systemd services?
How do I grep second last or nth last character from each line of file
install grub from grub rescue
Bugzilla cannot connect to an SMTP server
nmcli shows nothing
Passing parameter with-in grep command
proc events not arriving over netlink connector (forkstat)
Get contents of a .gz file over SSH and pipe it to zcat and mysql
How to replace rows that nth to mth columns from them are empty using sed or awk based with run command
tmux server ignores sourcing configuration file
How to specify nrpe port in icinga / nagios
How to access a dynamic module by a user application
Show tar.gz files but tar.gz is already inside a tar file
cannot ssh at all to remote host -- options?
AWK - print last column along with empty value
Enable 32 bits compilation on Debian squeeze (6) 64 with backports (after deprecation)
compile nginx and naxsi on ubuntu 18.x
Can't run 'update-grub'
sed doesn't work with variables to replace text in files
apt-get install does not target the same path on ubuntu or debian
Merge two data from two columns in 100+ files into one separate file
Does systemd not protect processes against acquiring a controlling terminal?
Change order a icons in system tray widget in KDE?
How to align multiple lines with echo or print
Why does redirecting a file into itself clear its content?
Set default application to start on save/open file dialog
SSH Tunnel, how to know the server port information post tunneling
systemd service - udp broadcast can't reach other machine
how to replace include path in a C file with sed?
Difference between rm my-symlink and rm my-symlink/
can i use dd to copy my dual boot HDD(350G) to smaller SSD(120GB) with only one of two OS from HDD
How to renew the IP with dhcp client if the AP changes the IP range without disassociate the clients
GLIBC 2.14 installation error: forced unwind support is required - RHEL 7.5
Symlink some file of a tree to another folder and conserve folder structure
will the sleep command in this command ever be executed?
How to highlight output from diff command and make them side by side?
Why would I chroot for sandboxing for security if my application can from the beginning run at a lower level?
xargs + chmod - file or directory not found
Not finding bash commands
Install MySQL Server with prompt for initial password
Why does ` exec 2>somefile` hang?
define tab completion helper function to use in several completion files (zsh)
Does `exec < somefile` behave the same as `source somefile`
How to force OmniOS (illumos) "format" properly recognize disk geometry?
iptables FORWARD all connections from a client through a gateway to a server
Why does x2go server start another ssh-agent when I start up x2go client?
NFS mount does not map a user correctly
What are the final 3 bits in the UNIX permission mode bits?
Ownership of a mount point
How to change grub black screen
/installation of CentOS 7 - Anaconda Disappeared
Removing multiple lines
Can not connect internet from LAN
Access network of PC2 from virtualbox installed on PC1
How to exit a git merge asking for commit message?
Replace date with current date
FreeBSD 10.1 sound not working
Permissions to see content
What is spinning my disk up periodically?
Problem using Access control lists for new users, ex ( afolder created in skel directoy have acl set, it should apply to new users)
sssd-ad in wheezy
Initialize USB keyboard attached while suspended
View list of users
dh_install: libnanomsg-dev missing files (usr/lib/*/lib*.a), aborting
Problem with grep on multiple files and not getting desired output
youtube-dl problems, can't download private videos
dscverify: nanomsg_0.4~beta+dfsg-3.dsc failed signature check
MySQL service doesn't start
Can I install PHP on a Chumby One?
NAT (Internet connection sharing) switching between multiple public interfaces
IPv6 address changed after upgrade. Why? and how can I harden my .htaccess against this?
What does "The following packages have been kept back" mean?
Checking if files exist in some remote folders with bash
using Set uid to run a root command from non-root user
Can I have different desktop directories on different workspaces on Gnome?
Suggestions for a Linux distribution for a dedicated SFTP server
linux with 3.2.x kernel
Is there an online bash script testing site?
Is there any command-line, generic HTTP proxy (like Squid)?
Retrieve deleted files on Linux VM guest
How to copy a file and move it to a location using unix
Is it possible to retrieve the active window process/title in Gnome?
How to check if a filesystem is mounted with a script
Any reason for encrypted /?
Why don't you need to update drivers? (Or do you?)
command line tool to remove selected tags from mp3 files
Terminate metacity
smartctl: suspend read-scan the remainder of the disk
Is it possible to overwrite your mounted OS partition with dd?
How do I navigate to sabnzbd.ini in Debian?
Passing Command Line Arguments to java From JPackage Script
Log on standard output
Return long integer value from a function in ksh
Cat all files in a folder including filename by using a for loop?
How to get Proper Out for df -k command
Write output of `time` in a file, why are parentheses needed?
The equivalent of a live-CD for a smartphone
SIGINT not being propagated to background child process
Can Linux ldap users still available if ldap server is unlinked?
what happens to remotely run process when remote host disconnects?
Where is my /tmp mounted?
Estimate time spent on Git project with grep
Undefined reference to symbol 'XSetFillStyle'
Searching for specific user group membership with an exact match
How to logically eject/disconnect & reattach a usb device (dongle)?
Hamachi not working properly with PPPoE connections
"crypto failure" error when running various commands
How to install php7 modules in archlinux?
Delete files that do not contain ".zip" in their filename
sort files twice
Installing Ubuntu and PostgreSQL database on different drives
How to select a row with latest date and time
How to re-enable a monitor via command ine
Fastest file copying within sshfs directory (rsync?)
Dive into qemu source code to trace io requests
Schedule a job to run in the background ( one time task scheduling using at )
Linux Mint: pastebin is in /usr/local/bin
Install 32 Bit Application on 64 Bit Arch Linux
Get total bytes sent by pid
Connect to other devices under same AP isolated network
Run Cygwin software on Linux
Can't Install php-mssql or freetds on Centos7
Why does running `killall init` as user log me out?
What is this data that keeps reappearing after partition delete + new partition creation?
Why does the printf statement in this loop output the array out of sequence?
Why is it risky to give sudo vim access to ordinary users?
How do dim screen, even if artifically, below the minimum?
How to install Desktop Environments on CentOS 7?
What does "task mysqld:xxx blocked for more than 120 seconds" mean?
Special characters in a web feed
Bash script: array elements containing space character
VNC not installing in ubuntu 12.04.5 LST
Installing linux Mint 17.1 on Acer s5 "No root file system defined"
Why is .gitattributes applied only to files added to repo after defining it?
Restricting access to an in-use disk on Solaris
Kernel config: Is undefined the same as disabled?
Command substitution and spaces
Why do I have so many IPV6 addresses for a single ethernet card
Unix: Add unique names after signs in text
Crunchbang: Can't use simple-scan without administrator rights
php connect to mysql
Sharing a LAN printer over a subnet [Gnome-Shell] [SOLVED]
How to install DivFix++ under Scientific-linux 6.1?
How to get better desktop performance in linux?
I reset my password and now I can login, but without nautilus or program menu
Is there a command line utility that copy files with progress information?
Location of application files?
smartctl on external hdd inside ide-to-usb enclosure
Remove first instance of lines with duplicate field value
debian, problem with DNS
Any way to register source-built software with rpm/yum database?
VMware Player on Linux, bridge networking
In awesome window manager, how can I make key bindings send keyboard events?
ld-uClibc.so missing
Is there a way to redirect requests from foo.com to a VM on that server?
How to install RPM package on Angstrom
Linux Rename File Beginning with "--"
debian lenny ftp not working?
I changed my hostname, rebooted and lost internet connection
Cannot access a website from  Firefox
Cannot boot to Windows 7 partition using Grub
vim custom pop up menu
Too many smtpd daemon forks?
Mount NTFS image file created using partimage
Problem with SSH " Write failed: Broken pipe "
How to change permissions of multiple files found with find command?
How to purge package in debian without affecting other packages?
Xmonad and X Window System
Execute command in remote active terminal
Is there a good way to encrypt and store a mailbox while still being able to quickly access and search it?
Why do SELinux policies require a system restart?
Start/stop program from website
How to make tab insert spaces in pico?
Stacked filesystems with write-back
Command-line password manager that uses SSH key to authenticate
Error mounting dir from ext4 file system
bash: get last stdout
How can I configure Fedora to support scrolling with my ThinkPad TrackPoint?
Understanding Unix file name encoding
clean method to handle multiple operating systems on multiple disks
Basic grep/awk help - extracting all lines containing a list of terms from one file into a separate file
Why can't I configure a static IP on my CentOS7 system?
How to install section 5 of man pages?
How to start the upstart process for golang application?
vim: Can I make *only* y perform a copy?
Using grep/sed/awk to classify log file entries
Debian Stretch wants to upgrade main packages after enabling backports
Define udev rule for disk by id or uuid?
save each line from csv to new file with filename as the string contained in a specific column
Shell Script : Variables correct format
What is an extremely lightweight way to detect change in an image?
How to withdraw 20 dollars continually from a file
How do i dual boot kde neon and ubuntu
Linux iptables issue
Ubuntu: how do you swap eth0 and eth1? (Ubuntu 13.10 server in a VirtualBox VM)
Reverse id command, I want the User/Group Name from the uid or gid
cannot start PostgreSQL on OpenBSD 5.4 through rc.d
Match a single character in a string bash script
Why do I need dbus?
ssh out of port 80 to port 22?
Which 'smartctl -d' option should I use on this hard-disk: 'scsi' or 'ata'?
Why is my ext4 filesystem recognizable only on the machine it was formatted on?
Cooking EDID and finding values for .S file
Processes do not respond to my signals
dpkg: dependency problems prevent configuration of initramfs-tools
Disable ATI HDMI sound device - Fedora with PulseAudio
Filter the clipboard content without using an intermediate file
Process each line from text file and delete related files from disk
Getting sudo to work for an alias
How portable are the works chmod and chown commands?
How to check integrity to HDD with UDF format
How to have the login screen through VNC in Oracle Linux?
Help Shell script to pass variables to rsync
xsel not deleting selected text
Passing multiple scripts to shell over ssh
Bash script to delete a file called index.html recursively
identify files with non-ASCII or non-printable characters in file name
Desktop launchers not getting scanned by Gnome
Tunnels to the same port number
To assign variable from a file separated by delimiter
Configure eth1 to stop using dhcp
Change the root filesystem on an embedded system
Script from cron doesn't create archive
X keyboard layout unable to toggle
.bash_profile alias escape quotes?
Running a script every 30 minutes with crontab using ROOT (Debian)
Alias for redirecting both standard output and standard error, as well as sending to background
How to make a mouse driver from a tty?
Why does "sudo ./foo" return "./foo Command not found"?
What should I basically expect from access to an OpenVZ based VPS?
Usage of options for symlinks in coreutils
libvirt: command to start up all guest virtual machines which have auto-start enabled
Migrate UFS drive from FreeNAS to DragonFly BSD
Sudoers: Allow any subcommand for certain argument
MPD MPC error, timeout after stopping, clearing playlist, load and play again
no null in /dev error
How to run a command when a libreswan tunnel connects?
How to use MonoDevelop pc files with UNIX convention relative pathnames?
how to install module in correct location or say /lib/modules/`uname -r`
how to compress a folder without to leave the original folder and without to remove the original folder
CentOS web server move hdd to another computer
Mint 17.3: Your session has lasted less than 10 seconds
Find folders that begin with the same string
How to run Firefox from script?
Bash - How to make each menu selections in 1 line instead of multiple selections in 1 line
Perl: General way of finding size of block device
two piped commands, each needs to read password from stdin
mdadm - not enough to start the array
Proxy or something else to mirror website?
Application folder owner is root
Why can't I run a command as a user having /bin/false as login shell?
awk - change line if
Does FUSE have any specific cache interaction?
Btrfs RAID1: How to replace a disk drive that is physically no more there?
Memory Consumption of Process
Building RPM for Unix RuneScape Client: nothing provides perl(JSON:backportPP)
piping through a headless vi-style editor
my login screen does not get any input and I cannot enter my system
How to let screen detach immediately after the job starts running (before finishing)?
How to add a line break inside a bash string?
SSH into server, start screen session, change directory?
Downloading nested pdf files with wget
ssh-copy-id user@host prompts for password but it isn't being accepted
Auto-updating desktop calendar as wallpaper
How do I import Amazon EC2 instance/user data into the environments of the services on my machine?
Why is the inode cache needed?
GPG passphrase change ineffective
Cycle between open windows with wmctrl
Is it possible to start programs (saved in the menu) from the terminal?
piping commands not working as expected I need explanation
Adwaita Background Appears Much Darker in Reality
Alsa not detecting my soundcard
Reading the device tree for ide disks
Is it bad to have a low entropy in /dev/random?
Set CPU affinity for the specific program?
Why is a Linux Tun interface not returning ICMPv6 Echo replies?
RC script that brings itself to foreground under certain criteria
How to normalize irregular data values
Making a multiboot grub usb with debian jessie live
Using socat to Tunnel/Proxy TCP want to split send/receive into separate files
Set up environment for cross-compilation to i386, armel, armhf, arm64 and mips with no libglib2 conflicts
Using auditd to capture "permission denied" notices
Arch-Linux after system-update no internet connection but connection lan
Have to transform some bunch of csv in req format and store it in some other location with same name
Shell Script does not send email from Cron job
How to enable nameserver recursion?
scp does not honor .ssh/config
cannot install libreoffice on debian sid
how to split multiline records by awk?
OpenWrt bricked router is not connected via USB to serial cable
Installing the BlueZ Utilities
Which driver should I use for my GeForce4 MX 440 on Fedora 20?
Store passwords of Linux users in plain text - on purpose
How can I reverse the first part of a sentence?
How do you remember command options?
Strange behavior for find if pattern following -name is not quoted
How to compare different SSH fingerprint (public key hash) formats?
Failed to start Remote desktop service (VNC)
How to download package not install it with apt-get command?
Linux bootup (Ctrl + Scroll Lock) key combination
Running R script via shell script. syntax error near unexpected token `('
Find and Extract Text inside Strings
Checking if a text file has all entries and is formatted correctly
Remove all text that do not start with (EC using sed awk grep
Changing the line endings of a unix file to windows ^M not working
Bash - Take input from user and send a command having that input in tmux
Comparing files and removing duplicates
After doing chroot , a copy of nodejs inside jail do not launches node console?
How to deal with blocking I/O reducing the performance to a crawl?
Bash modify value in file with user input
Delete all lines that start with Log.d
Install ncdf4 R package with shell script
How to fill empty cells of a csv file with 0 and remove cells where there is no header?
How don't override ssh configs when restore filesystem other server?
How to install GCC 4.7.2 on CentOS 5.2?
Don't know if fsck failed or not
Apache 2.4 SSL Config - Server rejects requests with HTTP 400
colored bash does not work as root user
Can I disable or remove gnome-online-miners?
Backtick command encapsulation
How to copy image files whose names don't end with their resolution size?
JDK 1.4.2 - where can I download the source?
Microphone noise reduction
Execute a command after each output line from ping command
How to append string with dash?
Extract a particular substring from filename
How can I suppress output only if the command succeeds?
What's the best way to remove pid files before starting a service?
Cups on slackware want to force encryption
bi-directional sync with rsync
How to access KVM windows guest bios
How much RAM should an SSH connection typically use?
Is there any decent speech recognition software for Linux?
Read a file line by line and if condition is met continue reading till next condition
Inline sound effect using command line
ElementaryOS not recognized by Grub2
What does "esac" mean at the end of a bash case statement? Is it required?
Why is echo not working for mt valgrind command?
Headphones only work correcly when plugged halfway
Lock A Built-in Application?
How to select lines in a file that contain a number from a list of numbers
parted mkpart is fs-type required
gdm Pop-Up Window on Login
How to blacklist a correct bad RAM sector according to MemTest86+ error indication?
Can't round the corners of menus for gtk?
Is it possible to x-forward windows apps to linux if windows PC running Xming?
Install grub on LV container for VM
How to remove a package for the current user?
cd and ls in the same call
Photoshop in Wine won't open, gives "File not found" error
When running a terminal, I get the default bash prompt
Split using sed
How to ask for specific parameters with grep?
Getting back rsync's deleted files
Count number of processes with ps -Af
How can I kill gnome shell widgets?
Share a directory over FTP with chroot_local enabled
Is there a way to mirror USB outputs?
GRUB2 chainloader: Why doesn't this work?
Expanding functionality of case switching commands in Vim
Remote backup of local server applying Rsnapshot
Get files on remote copy but not local
Control how long Rsnapshot keeps a file after being deleted
reinstall all FreeBSD packages with pkg_add, pkg_info
Share background jobs between shells
how to initialize `/etc/group`?
Installing a secondary drive in CentOS 6
debootstrap from Intel Atom (i686) to AMD Sempron (AMD 64)
Which home directory should 'nobody' have?
How to generate 4 WEP keys with linux commands?
Can I access X11's clipboard from tty1-6?
Run script on "Safely remove" action in KDE
Detecting images containing only black pixels
Why does cd default to ~?
"Packing" linux up onto USB drive
What rescue disk (rescue CD/DVD) to recover data from failed HDD would you recommend for first time user?
Locking console input without screen blanking
Issues using sublime text to edit command line in VI mode
Auditing Linux: tell me to what IPs a connection was established
Can kexec be built to a standalone binary, to be used where kexec was not built into the kernel?
redirection to file issues with nohup and pipe
when timing a command execution time with sudo, `time` should be before `sudo` or after `sudo`?
How to run ssh -t user@remote 'sudo nohup bash -c "command"' in background
Is there any FileZilla Server alternative (GUI based) in Linux?
How to build a gcc-4.9.0 successfully on solaris 10 sparc
Change date format from MM/DD/YYYY HH:MM:SS am/pm to YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS in a CSV file
qemu usb mouse passthrough to windows 10 guest
system call to peek next byte from serial port
How do I output what wget retrieves to stdout and suppress all other wget messaging?
Asterisk Playback cannot find video file
Fedora fails to find popular packages like apcalc or docker
How to add service to run at boot on slackware linux?
mysql after sudo su works; mysql or sudo mysql fails
Is promiscuous mode needed for proxy arp?
"Permission denied (publickey,gssapi-keyex,gssapi-with-mic)" AWS .pem provided
Changed the alias of cd command by mistake
Fedora 20: Failed to start LSB: Bring up/down networking
Error installing kernel on Centos (from source)
swap symbols with numbers in keyboard layout
Run android app on debian without emulator
nc command not found on SuSE
Get package version of file
How can I set device rw permissions permanently on Raspbian?
Distributing updates to VirtualBox images with bandwidth efficiency
Where are Python dist-packages stored in FreeBSD?
Command line audio player that exits immediately after file finished playing back?
remove only the first blank line sed
Unable to install skype on LMDE,how to resolve these dependencies?
RHEL: Creating stable names for network interfaces
vi / vim - extra indents when pasting text?
opening matlab on ubuntu
Installed SELinux on Ubuntu 14.04 and system is not bootable now
Mailing a tar.gz file
Include a header file into multiple C files
How to sort columns based on the first line?
How Can I Connect a TAP to Ethernet?
How to share a USB drive over SMB/CIFS on an ADSL router?
Xen: Graphical output on domU after secondary GPU passthrough
Mounting only a particular path of a filesystem
Configuring Solaris 11 Audit
Fuchsia OS : Magenta Kernel: Installation on ubuntu 16.04
When Reinstalling Grub i am getting this error
PHP move_uploaded_file permission denied only on RHEL
How do I touch every file in a directory?
merging two files according to a common column
error while configuring FFmpeg in CentOS: Segmentation fault & gcc is unable to create an executable file
How to install nautilus-open-terminal
How can I use sed/grep/awk to print the TLD's from a list of hostnames that have the TLD in different fields?
SSH ec2 goes to private IP
send email from multi-lined grep output
find command not working: "illegal option -- n"
Run heredoc script via su attached to the current tty
Could disabling kernel cpu frequency monitoring improve performance and/or battery life?
How to compare two float values in ksh?
Shell script with pipes not working in crontab
Create another terminal box in ssh
What is the function of @ at the command line after a file name
How to insert a string into a text variable at specified position
Can I unlink in perl with a list from a unix find command?
nmap show me differert result on the same machine
CentOS7 Machine will not respond to ping or ssh
Cannot sign in to MS services on Fedora 25 with PPPoE
Daily cron job fails, while running job as root does not. How to troubleshoot?
ssh-agent terminating on network change
Unmet dependencies upgrading to stretch
What does the dot mean
replacing PID 1 in linux
Odd characters added to string in command substitution
Using procmail to forward to gmail
How to add a key pair (public and private) to list of kernel's database which hold list of trusted keys
Why I can't send escape sequences from keyboard, but can do it from another tty?
How can I set default settings for htop?
How to securely delete a directory without leaving a trace?
scp to an alias
Symbolic linking to ~/ instead of ~/[path/file]
Systemd user unit that depends on system unit (sleep.target)
How do I actually read an XML file in human form that makes sense?
String index processing