Succinct way to respond to user input?
Accept only y or yes with a one-line regular expression
How to configure a "point-to-point" connection with RedHat 6.5?
Getting the process-id out of command launched with "su -c"
How to pass multiple commands via pssh and multiple xterms
I can't install new packages and can't update and upgrade
Spawn multiple dirty page flusher threads per device
Error initializing server: OC4J administrator account is not configured
Launching a program and executing a command in bash script
Unusual disk space usage
Why do some processes set $PATH manually?
How do I bypass a firewall using kali linux?
Screen command set shell title to current host name
Echo something from a tmux session to base session
Configure 2 video cards on Debian 9 (stretch)
Repeatedly getting Software lockout in OpenSUSE
tty cuts right side but still types word
Hardening the security of rhel6/7 servers
Iteratively write to the same process substitution file on MacOs
How to change folder's creation date to match the creation date of the .nfo file inside?
How do I determine if a program is running in Kernel space or User space?
how to combine epoch time (e.g#214235235) and commad from .bash_history file and save it in one line.it should only display command with epoch time
With the help of line number, replace a whole line with another line which cotains file path
Possible reasons why meld cannot access /dev/fd/* when run as unprivileged user?
Process status of the past time
get value part of specific word
Change passwd in second console
Clicking on a MIME type execute a script to open file
How to recover deleted crontab
Why does grep goes into blocking stage?
Simple bash not running properly by cron
Cross compile for ARM without installing anything
How to express "There is a specified symbol in the following unknown numbers of characters" in regex(vim)?
Restrict a user from viewing other user's processes
How can I calcalate the average of each row excluding the first value of each row?
/usr/bin/env deleted now sh files[Scritps] and programs are not opening / working
What kind of file is this?
Omnios having problems using Zone with ZFS NFS dataset
How do I use tr command to replace: full stops, exclamations and question marks followed by a space, with newlines?
Any character I type on the non-GUI console gets prepended ^[
Numbers in network interfaces names
Clearing reserved space in a luks encrypted volume
Is my partitioning scheme for a 1TB SSD valid?
Script to connect with ssh to remote server with password
Wpa_supplicant configuration file for open hidden network
Detecting turning of laptop lid and device orientation
Is there a shell command or utility for caching process output?
Capture the output of a shell function without a subshell
debootstrap not working in kali and mint
Extract specific information from logs
snmptt cannot load PERL module
How do I extract multiple strings which are comma delimited from a log file?
Using AllowGroups And Restrict by ip address
Why cp/mv can't be interrupted until the end of the current file
Unable to unmount, permission denied:
How to print match pattern using sed/awk?(I was able to do this with grep)
Gain shell access to Kubernetes pod
How to use a string in Chinese characters as input for another command in bash?
Can't SSH as root user, can ssh as regular user?
Black screen on boot
Some workspace shortcuts do not work in Xfce
jq: parse json file with constraint from other field
Test for network connectivity from various hosts to one specific host via ssh and telnet
Unix Split Function ~ select 2 different split words
What are the differences between process data segment and resident set size?
What does nr_vmscan_write track, in layman’s terms?
Find description in man pages for environment variables shown with env command
jq: colorize selected field of json file
Rename qcow2 internal snapshots created with virsh snapshot-create-as
nslookup awk to a file showing "answer"
editing sysctl.conf on oracle linux 7.5
Is it possible to fork the current pane in tmux and put it in a new pane?
Fedora 28 - ssh - Could not resolve hostname
how to perform a calculation on the output of cat and then format it
Reduce Window title bar in Budgie
Dual boot Windows 10 and Kali linux
Mounting GPT partition table in linux
Getting "Could not create local repository" error when building Debian package
pm2 script variable when script path is not within executing folder
Setuid program loses group memberships
Make ssh-keyscan use the .ssh/config settings
sed delete all after the first period followed by numbers inclusive
Use `-S` Flag by Default with `sudo`
How does a terminal emulator read and write with a physical terminal device?
Have: patched kernel source, want: upstream commit hash
Debian 9 (Stretch): Thunderbird mistakenly creating folder ".icedove" when starting
/ is full 100%. Looking to add 24 more GB to / without affecting Logical Volumes or re-formatting Ubuntu 14.04
KDE Custom Shortcuts don't work with special XF86 keys
What is the difference between paging and context switching?
Grep regex not working
Is it possible to use variables with `save-buffer` in tmux?
Multiplying numbers from each line in file is giving minus value
Regex-FInd a line that doesn't end width the specific pattern
OpenVPN start script does not execute a command
Delete a row that contains 0 more than 'x' amount of times
Bodhi clean install hangs on splash screen
Why doesn't the separator from IFS work for array expansion?
Is there an "in" operator in bash/bourne?
UFW/IPTABLES not blocking DHCP UDP port 67?
How to improve rsync execution time on OmniOS (illumos-based)?
adduser has no difference from useradd
ed invalid address macOS
How can I get an audio notification when multiple long running command have finished?
How can I get an audio notification when a shell command have finished?
I can't find module "core" in perl dir on ubuntu 18.x
Vnstat and sadc eating 100% CPU
How to insert a line in a text file at a designated spot using sed+regex?
Grub2 package failed installed on dual boot with windows 10
Why use a variable in a bash regex match inside [[?
How to prevent st from closing after executing a command provided with -e?
How to take the absolute value using awk?
Multiple here documents in a bash script to drop in and out of sudo is causing error "Sessions still open, not unmounting"
How to tail a log file by time?
Disk usage in stat output and inode
setxkbmap reverts after typing on second keyboard
How can I make flashing text in bash?
Process which locks up, ignores SIGKILL, is runnable (not a zombie or in uninterruptable sleep). What state is it in?
Linux replace last character in a csv file to new string
How to avoid piping awk to awk?
How to configure zsh prompt so that its length is proportional to terminal width
What is the origin of multi-line change log entries?
bash - What do the brackets in if-statements do?
Add NOPASSWD in /etc/sudoers for only some specific commands
How to hide Kopete on KDE taskbar?
Grep only numbers, not the alphanumeric entries
How to set and determine the command-line editing mode of Bash?
DNS zone not loading: Permission denied
Remove trailing commas from invalid json (to make it valid)
Linux Mint 19 keeps freezing
How to deny access from just one host in a domain
No such process (3) when not connected to a network (AF_ROUTE)
Ssh keys no longer loaded at startup on Ubuntu 18.04
xrandr fails randomly with "Configure crtc X failed" on dock with multiple monitors
Did my rsync successfully back-up all data or not?
Permanently disable all networking in Tails OS?
Splitting each row of a correlation matrix into individual files
How can I get the 'ls' output to a variable in grub2?
Can't open deepin control-center on i3
How to read the output from an interactive program without it scrolling off the screen?
How to move partition in a usb to the first position
ethtool config precedence on physical interface or bond?
How to Convert Vector number 5-digit number into date format
Truncate long line and append indicating symbol
Crontab tasks aren't running
All-round 100% portable terminal color support check
Why does `xargs -n ` on SmartOS (SunOS) behave differently than other implementations?
How to backport FreeBSD 13-CURRENT C.UTF-8 locale to 11.2-Release?
UFW deny specific port access over HTTPS?
Is there a simple way to group soft links to directories with directories when using --group-directories-first?
Delete history from 100 to 150 entries in bash shell
SEVERE: regression in latest systemd update for Raspbian Stretch
Get lines of file matching a regex
iptables Masquerade leave out some local packet?
Run docker container on Linux VM which is running on Linux host system
shell scripting for jenkins
How to find the source of library files
Redirect request to corporate proxy server with nginx reverse proxy
The most recent files in directory with a specific format in each one
Cannot execute file with root priviledges using SUID
External HDD failure due to bad blocks
find -exec and increment counter / progress
Does VirtIO storage support discard (fstrim)?
tar to pipe but keep -v verbose output separate from STDERR
ERROR: no tty present and no askpass program specified ; TTY=unknown ; PWD=/ ; USER=root ;
What is the functionality of SCHED_SOFTIRQ in linux?
How to make Raspberry Pi to receive an IP from a router and also pass another IP to another device?
The output I get via "echo" works as a command when pasted to terminal, but not in the script
GHOST: glibc gethostbyname buffer overflow
Bash: command substitution with multiple unset/export commands
Ghost Vulnerability - CVE-2015-0235
How do kernel inform OSPF daemon when a physical interface status is down?
Unix: Looking to run a script in directories with a certain name
Why does regex with \\$\{ work with egrep, but not with sed?
Upgrading Berkeley DB rpm in a Centos OS
How to install software on to multiple linux clients
How to automate password entry without user interference?
finding and replacing text
Nano Editor over Screen in Terminal isn't fullscreen
Audio not working on Arch Linux
Any disk encryption that locks itself for some time after a number of failed attempts?
Bash Script on Startup? (Linux)
Alternative to Miro Video Converter for Linux?
Is dpkg available for Cygwin?
How to make functions created in a bash script persist like those in .bashrc?
Linux distribution for the AMD Geode LX 800 (i586)
How many entries are created when you make a new directory in *nix?
Wifi working after running Live Cd
How to find out which Wi-Fi driver is installed?
Unix command that takes no arguments
Compiling code from vim
Extracting tokens from a line of text
rsync via ssh from linux to windows sbs 2003 protocol mismatch
date: get current 15 minute interval
su and aliases confusion
Write to a file without redirection?
Customized XDM-based login screen
Multiple Users on a Desktop Environment
Keymapping problem when working with Emacs and Openbox
How to check how long a process has been running?
Binary compatibility between Mac OS X and Linux
Odd problem regarding 'apt-get update'
best way to set up separate linux environment in ~
Grub does not list windows after crunchbang installation
setting up mail system
Splitting stdin to different outputs in bash
Debugging Linux machine freezes
How do I know where to put things in linux?
Can IFS (Internal Field Separator) function as a single separator for multiple consecutive delimiter chars?
su vs su - (on Debian): why is PATH the same?
How can I find out what my domain is for connecting with samba?
sticking stickies to windows
A short tutorial on how a linux distro is organized and supposed to work
Simple Shell Script with Arithmetic issue... ** is giving me trouble
Difference between /usr/include/sys and /usr/include/linux?
How does one find and replace text in all open files with geany?
How does one find and replace text in all open files with gedit?
How does one find and replace text in all open files with LibreOffice?
How does one find and replace text in all open files with kate?
How does one find and replace text in all open files with jed?
How to achieve higher display resolution for Ubuntu under VirtualBox?
Multiple processes reporting signals received
Kill wifi connection
How to check if virtio storage access is in use?
Windows installer complains that it can only be installed on a primary partition
mdadm raid doesn't mount
PC Boots to grub> prompt after putting partition table entries in disk order
IPTables rules for specific processes
Is there any way to resize scale application GUI window?
How do I create a VM from an existing FreeBSD 8.2 PreRelease server?
Unix filesys reserved space
skype version spoofing?
Virtual console pauses video and audio playback running in KDE
Signing GRUB bootloader
Openvpn connected, but traffic still going through default router
Attempted assignment to non-variable?
Can I partition around a bad block on a harddrive?
Can GPL software be bought by a company and still released as GPL?
bash: adduser: command not found on centOS
Shifting command output to the right
How to add words to an existing column
Network locations like OSX
Cannot edit crontab as non root user
VIM as c++ IDE - autocomplete
Network Configuration Get Removed After Restarting Zentyal Linux Server
Gentoo virt-manager on system without GNOME cannot connect to libvirtd due to polkit throwing a missing file error
bash - complex prompt
Extra overhead in MASQUERADE target
Is it possible to use multiple here-docs in bash?
how to set crontab PATH variable
What this Iptables rules does?
Extracting text string from file, assigning them to variables then writing them to another file?
FIPS integrity test failed
Using tar to backup and restore a path mounted with overlayfs
Scripting batch text mangling
How can I hide the output of command line in terminal window?
Server network connectivity problem
Debian intel + nvidia optimus hdmi output not recognized
Deny permission to move a soft link
Why do I have 4 Sets of Icons
How can I lock my screen automatically if internet connection is lost?
Can bash shells automatically recognize Gnome terminal window's width?
Print kernel memory layout
sftp (ssh_exchange_identification: read: Connection reset by peer)
Why are my OpenSSH keys stored in OpenLDAP returned base64 encoded
fs-uae: how to load qemu plugin on Linux?
Difference between two linux machines
Bash script arguments not being passed to function?
Excel - Keep data on field that starts with
Sending serial commands with echo vs screen session
How do I *reliably* and *simply* get the current shell interpreter name?
is it possible to run ubuntu kernel on fedora root filesystem?
Find if any line of a file is a subset of data in another file
How to install openjfx in Kali Linux?
I want to recompile a package with python3
How do you update the YUM package manager repositories?
steam opengl glx extension not supported by this display nvidia drivers
Store array to file and load array from file in BASH
return files on samba file server
Sandboxing a binary on linux
how to access Internet using modemmanager and not network-manager
Windows Internals for Linux
How can I delay the evaluation of variables (lazy evaluation)?
Special file descriptors
gdb attach permission question (ptrace_scope is read-only)
Trying to compile GNU Screen
CPU warning - abrt-watch-log
General Setup on remote programming
How to see how many context switches a process makes?
Why does variable expansion without $ work in expressions?
Emacs commands in xterm
Unable to connect to a wifi network with an SSID containing diacritics
Is it possible to make a chroot -bind with debian under mac os x lion?
Is there an easy way to stop and reissue a command?
Using in/out named pipes for a TCP connection
How to log into a single SSH host without passphrase?
How does bash print to the screen if not with a framebuffer?
IP routing not working
linux how to config route etc/network/interfaces?
How do I apply a manifest from a Puppet Master server to a Puppet Agent node server?
For email messages, where is the colon-less From field specified?
How to install ubuntu on live USB stick that I booted from?
want to ssh to a server behind NAT from a host also behind NAT
OS X El Capitan , systemstats:com.apple.telemetry.shutdown
cannot reload .profile from script
Ways to consolidate music folder
How do I run a command in a new terminal window in the same process as the original?
How can I get many addresses from many trajectories with bash script without error?
wget changes downloaded file size
Can the kernel symbols' addresses be influenced? consequences?
Create a (Windows type) Instance of an application in Linux
What does sed -i '1d' do?
Executing mail command from inside a function causes a "fork bomb"
On what systems is //foo/bar different from /foo/bar?
Why are there no LSM hooks in the POSIX IPC APIs?
How to check who run updates or installed packages on Debian?
dhclient enter/exit hooks to update resolv.conf
ElasticSearch ports in iptables
Is it OK to install Debian or Ubuntu Binaries on Arch Linux?
Searching and replacing a windows style path using sed
"provide net" in gentoo init script doesn't work as I thought
Can an OpenSSH server forward inbound traffic to another server?
how to form a sed expression containing escaped characters
Can I create a symlink that will ignore subdirectories?
gnome-terminal won't launch because it crashes every time
Can I write the output the of time difference command to a file?
What is user address space and what is it's purpose?
Finding yum equivalents of apt repositories?
What is the systemd service/unit name for mounting fstab entries
Meaning of setgid on an executable
Building a network storage server, trade-offs of different RAID configurations?
CentOS 7 - yum won't install mongodb
How to set the default color of output / things typed in Bash
how to directly drive the PC speaker in linux
Recover deleted file from ZFS snapshot (still viewable vith lsof)
how to get the timeout exit code while run a command in background?
macOS /etc/paths.d
Linux, Grub and Win 7 problem
centos 7 dual display not recognizing
How to set ext4 filesystem in cfdisk?
Can perf be used to dump trace events to stdout as they occur?
What's the point of the "mail" subdomain?
Starting nextcloud-snap
stat --format %N quotes
Does the lack of kernel feature (XENFEAT_hvm_pirqs) cause RedHat EC2 interrupt issue?
replace a block of text with the contents of a file
PIP saves the day on Fedora 25 for No module named 'PyQt5.QtWebEngineWidgets' error..WHY?
Ubuntu startup application with no monitor
Watchdog is disabled, still it seems to restart my system
Using shell scripting I need to combine data from two files into one file
Not able to mount centos server
Filesystem for sharing GIT-projects between Windows and Linux
Xorg at 99% CPU when moving pointer in circles; pointer device shows up twice
Can abrt help to gather information about process issues
Can diff show numerical differences, with a threshold to not show them as differences?
GCC-5 installation
Composer with selinux system wide
What does ` in Linux means?
gunzip and create directories following the name of the zip file
Adding Commands Based off of Directories Found
How to get the column name with a specific string?
Removing Debian package automatically masks systemd service - causes a systemd warning
postfix dual interfaces, isp1 port 25 blocked, fast, isp2 port open, but slow
Encoding problems on a VPS Ubuntu 16.04
Is there any way to modify or manage the startup processes in RHEL 7.4?
Layout tab/spaces
Partitioning with MS-DOS type
Rotate window but not rotate desktop/screen
in iptables, does MASQUERADE match only on NEW connections (SYN packets)?
What may cause the screen to turns off after few minutes without option to turn it on again
CA certificates location in Ubuntu 18.04
Skip identical values in nestled for loops
Dependency error installing fontconfig-dbgsym under Ubuntu 18.04
How to back up two ZFS pools to a backup pool with regular snapshots and incremental send/recv
Bluetooth not working
Cairos's configure output: Is it enough for Firefox?
Is it possible to tar only sub directories excluding other files in the folder?
Check which process is using most memory and summary total used memory
Does `perf trace -p <PID>` trace all threads?
Check that 2 arrays of file names are the same
grep using array values and make it faster
Checking identical files in Linux and deleting according to location
Ubuntu 18 Tmux 2.6-3 copy paste functionality with xclip non functional
Detecting misbehaving USB flash memory devices, that block the rest's IO
rsync option to exclude partial files
Who forks the processes of piped commands in the shell?
Linux/Unix username length limit
conntrack -E - traffic counter reporting
Monitoring CPU usage by user
Highlighting with regex within ssh session?
Bash: How many nested sessions deep?
can't log in to centos 7 VPS /lib64 missing?
How do I take a prompt response and send it to a text file?
Install nginx 1.8 on Centos 7
Deny access to subfolder and file with .htaccess
Remapping space + ijkl to arrow keys
change colour of `echo` for particular line in shell script in Linux?
server monitoring / intrusion detection for home NAS
Connect Logitech MX900 keyboard
Error when trying to mount MTD device from Linux
How to Remove last comma of each line on csv using linux
Systemd Service Script Not Echoing
KVM host, add LV to guest
Extract a single file from a zip file only knowing the extension
Unable to set luminosty with a usb boot
HAProxy & WordPress in subdirectory — login into wp-admin redirects to root
How to set an IP from a specific range with dhcp?
How to download group packages "Server with GUI"?
nextcloud on docker - error initializing database
Prevent a certain command
How to get the IP of a user who executed a command?
how to resolve issue with autoYAST file
Awk save the output to the same file
Split chained commands into commands
Folders and files permissions for SDKMAN tool on Ubuntu
Error compling and building pymedia package on Ubuntu
Guake doesn't follow me when switching between desktops
What is the most succinct way of terminating the rest of a pipeline if a command fails?
Bridge one IP to VM
How to install prerequisites for minidlna (readymedia) on raspberry with Stretch?
Fencing of Redhat cluster 7 on VirtualBox
Prevent post-install scripts from modifying /etc/fstab
Open output of a command using libreoffice
how can I merge multiple column in one column and separated by '-'?
awk save value as variable
Centos 7 how to install php7.3 from official sources?
how to avoid mounting directories with overcomplicated paths?
Prevent netplan from creating default routes to 0.0.0.0/0
compare strings in sh
What commands are run by ALT+F2 and "r"?
Splitting tab-separated file depending on column value
Add data to a particular line in a file
How to add a modular bash script to `bin`?
Configure log-specific olddir for pattern matched logs in logrotate
Process getting killed by SIGKILL
Correctly quote array that is being passed indirectly via another command
Allow all users full read/write access to CIFS share with automount/autofs
For loop if statement syntax error
How to disable mouse acceleration on Debian?
XSLT attribute-transformation doubly whammy
replace header in a file with list of lines in another file
bash next month error
How would you merge identical entries in the first column into one entry
Ubuntu SFTP upload permission
multicast configuration
How can I keep brightness from always resetting to 5% on reboot?
Can the USB subsystem copy only one file at a time?
Why does sudo xhost throw an error on openSUSE, but su -c xhost does not?
Remove a string from a particular line
Alternative to `while read line` for pipe
Problems mounting GlusterFS when starting up pod (in Kubernetes)
very long string variable?
DISPLAY Variable Set but getting Fatal Error when installing
How to send stdin to while loop using redirection operator
How to create user and group with specific id in directory389
is a script a program being run under the current shell or a child shell?
How to set scaling mode for external displays on intel GPU
X11 controlling root window or setting a window to be the background window (wallpaper)
Shuffle two parallel text files
How to paint on linux graphical console?
Installing Linux distributions on two separate hard drives
Weird crippled letters in GTK windows
yum update on CentOS 6.6 fails
How can I easily deal with differences between BSD and GNU sed?
Can't determine where umask is being changed
How can I view an application shortcut's content to find what exact executable line it runs?
Apache website access
Troubles establishing connection with wvdial
Nature of the positional parameters
Openbox menu.xml: keyboard accelerators possible?
Clear / erase a mistyped password in a terminal
Is my SSD okay?:
Combining options in find command
Does the installation computer affect performance?
#!/bin/bash: No such file or directory
Configuring Apache 2.4 for CGI on FreeBSD
Samba 3.6.12 and NIS
Blank desktop in Linux Mint 15 Xfce
Is it possible to copy whole userland into other machine in FreeBSD?
local package cache for arch linux
adding SSL certificate for Github only (not all certificates from ca-certificates package)
Installation of Canon Laserjet LBP 2900B Printer drivers in Linux Mint-16-Cinnamon-64 bit
Selectively build packages with dpkg-buildpackage
Why .Xauthority needs not to be owned by the root account in order to get past login?
recursively download from a website
Display Date Command
sed to split verilog bus into individual port
Completely disabling mouse support in QEMU
Issue while substring a line while reading a line from a file
how to execute a command only on the 3rd file of each folders
Problem with Installing Wi-Fi Driver on Debian
Single source for both .ssh/config and /etc/hosts
How to sort files in a directory based on the index number of the file?
Delete all files with executable permission in a directory
Rename all files
evince: Bad PDF font rendering
How does xbacklight work?
Install another gcc version
tmux how to bind a key to enter in VI mode and search backwards?
USB g_serial bug? - loosing data in one direction
sudo rsync -a does not preserve mtime
Vim: set "cursor keys" hjkl to wasd
How do I speed up a script based on a grep search?
kernel update - WARNING: lvmetad is running but disabled. Restart lvmetad before enabling it!
Set startup folder for SFTP to be other than /home/username is throwing me permission issues
Why Centos RPM can not be done by the root user
How to change the Symlink permission?
IPsec tunnel blocks after a while without error. Where to find details?
*nix executable compatibility
Merging contents of multiple .csv files into single .csv file
Moving application to another folder
realization about performance filesystems and Inode
How to move /var/log to another drive?
Why root's default shell is configured differently with other normal user account's default shell?
I'm failing to restore a VirtualBox VM
How to enable flash on Chromium
How is the linux graphics stack organised?
Reserved space for root on a filesystem - why?
Escaping quotes in zsh alias
Background task finished notification syntax
Video Watermarking
How to change kernel boot options in GRUB 2
Origin of 'root' account
How to connect a KVM guest to the internet with wireless
Which bash will expand  {1..$VAR} in the same way that zsh does
Network problems after Ubuntu upgrade
Permanently disable the laptop's keyboard, keeping it disabled when turning computer on
dvgrab error: driver recieved an incomplete frame
What is this shell/Bash syntax: someVariable=someValue someCommand
Can't use sudo when logging in through ssh
Best way to set up fence_vmware-soap on centos7
Chrome-OS: How is it possible that 3 directories are mounted on the same partition
How to make CentOS 7 load startx on startup?
Location of SSHD key
When SSH'ing into a guest VM from within a host, why does VMPlayer allow SSH via NAT by default whereas Virtualbox requires configuration
How to roll over ssh host keys?
Replace content inside two specific lines
GNU screen freeze session if SSH is not connected
Bash can I use both AND and OR in the same line?
How to properly configure external monitors in Arch with MacBook Pro 11,4
ddrescue image differs in size
how to create virtual router/switch on Ubuntu server
How to view stderr log only with journalctl?
Combining three scripts
GLX problem, many programs not running
D-Bus related runtime crash when trying to open SDL2 window
How can I debug/resolve serious ZFS issues?
Can each program or application run with a different locale?
Get a list of index of each item in a list as if it's sorted
Unlock user without giving a password for key usage
Symlink and folder permissions
How to connect to a hidden network with nmcli?
Where are user account passwords kept on Debian?
computing hash function for directory in linux
How to check if a target will be run?
systemd-timesyncd bug in OpenVZ container
Android build tool command aapt “cannot execute binary file”
airodump-ng doesn't show results
Accessing nginx behind a Virtual Server looses port number
Error EOF Syntax Error
How do I get gnome-terminal to start my shell in the same directory when I open a new tab
Nesting back-ticked commands
What does journal hostname field refer to?
I've accidentily deleted /etc/apparmor/, what should I do to restore it?
move system partitions to different physical drive with different filesystem
Difficulty with pattern rule in Gnu make
how do I tab in telnet when executing it on remote host by ssh?
How to get the list of files in a directory
bifurcate stdout - Send stdout to fd 3 if it's available
Linux Drivers Issue
Centos 7 XRDP Android Studio Blank Screen
Byobu F1 help closes current window
The following text is encoded in base 64. How do I decode it and get the answer?
Rearrange columns separated by : in LINUX
If condition on shell not working , not sure what is the mistake I am doing?
Can't open file even though directory/file is owned by user and in group
Value addition from a file's row
debootstrap chroot x11 cannot open display 0 no protocol error
How to move some specific folder keeping a predefined directory structure?
Spice Server Codec problem
What does @ symbol mean in file permission?
php curl not getting installed on Debian 8
Install dependencies for a bash script
How to properly spawn postgresql server via runit
Slow disk write speed
What does these two commands
fedora 30 GNOME wrong french apple aluminum keyboard layout
restrict cpu usage of chrome in ubuntu mate
VM > Centos 7 3-node HAcluster (pacemaker & corosync) (httpd wont start)
How to manipulate numbers in a file"?
Installing LAMP to Mint 19 (Cinammon)
Pass script to background using script itself
What characters do I need to escape when using sed?
No internet connection with some routers
PIPESTATUS from commands in $(...|...)
date - years prior to 1901 are treated as invalid
How do I completely disable an account?
Removing broken packages
How to make Vim display colors as indicated by color codes?
How to hide user status messages in XChat?
command to layout tab separated list nicely
How to enable remote login?
What is the meaning of $? in a shell script?
Read the stack of another process?
How do open files behave on linux systems?
How can I forward traffic from my publicly available server to a computer that is not publicly available?
K3b to split volume across media
How do I set up an IPv6 tunnel in Fedora?
Best distro for USB
Choosing the file system to use with LVM
Mod_Auth_MySQL will not compile under Slackware 13
Find the owner of a directory or file, but only return that and nothing else
Why did 'apt-get install ffmpeg' fail?
How can I use $variable in a shell brace expansion of a sequence?
Default File Permissions - Ubuntu & VSFTPD
What's the purpose of the first argument to select system call?
Is it possible to su without being prompted for a password?
Output of the "last" command
What is a command that will only show me the command syntax and options?
Postfix is sending and receiving mail locally, but not to external mailbox
Redhat “httpd” can not start anymore. Showing “suEXEC” and “SELinux” notices
Bash copy all files that don't match the given extensions
Remove GET parameters from file names in directory
is "ServerAdmin email@domain.tld" required in the VirtualHost in Apache?
Why am I getting "Job for httpd.service failed...," and how do I go about fixing it?
Emacs windows, frames, server and clients: threads or processes?
wget rotated backup problem
Is bluetooth keyboard associated with `stdin`?
unrecognized --sysroot option.(Eclipse)
Slow boot and slow desktop, along with indecipherable log messages
/proc/config.gz is of 0 bytes
Force new permissions on files after rsync from seedbox
Fix LVM physical volume definition after removing /dev/sdb
Two HDD partitions with the same name result in uncertain directories
sed ranges aren't always able to match only one line
archlinux efi netboot kernel "ip" does not work?; systemd "Failed to start Switch Root."
How to print all non-environment variables?
HP:the arguments in killall beyond `man killall`
converting value GB to TB in awk function
Identify home network
Eclipse won't open after installing openjfx [Deepin]
bypass some domains in exim if condition
Download file from sftp after an m3u file order
Wifi compat backports
ucspi-tcp tcpserver installation error
Nftables configuration error: conflicting protocols specified: inet-service v. icmp
How tied are Linux installations to hardware?
Redis logfile permission error, but the permission is already 777
Can someone explain the strange behavior of backslash in command substitution?
Iptables rules to allow appVM to pass through proxyVM configured to only go through a VPN in QubesOS
`which` for SunOS 5.10
How to document CPU cycles, RAM, etc. after logging and showing of zsh?
bind9 reverse resolve problem
Using dedicated GPU on kali rolling
How to recompile everything efficiently on a Gentoo Linux system?
Weird netcat (OpenBSD version) behavior
How to start a console program at startup(inside ../openbox/autostart)
I have to convert a simple program to multiple threads. So that my execution time may reduce
How to loop over ever-increasing list of files in bash?
I have four files with 10 lines of each, how to get output like below
How to use find for finding and deleting corrupted files?
Unicode issue when ssh'ing from GNOME Terminal to OS X
remove background with feh?
Let ifconfig wait for IPv6-address to not be tentative
set expiry date for an account in the future has problem
problem with Debian dual boot
Repacking a tar or tar.gz file into smaller tar/tar.gz files
compare 1 column in 2 files and print the different line
Attempting to compile kernel yields a certification error
for loop glob mishaps
Why change the current directory to the parent directory of a relative symlink before creating it
Attempting to compile any kernels, even vanilla ones, yields a certification error (continued from last thread)
ImageMagick + ruTorrent-stats (Github repo)
Installing docker hangs at "setting up docker-engine" on ubuntu xenial
ssh login does't work using key without password
How to get proccesses currently running semaphores by /proc?
Window contents disappear after maximizing
USB to Serial in Chrubuntu - /dev/ttyUSB0 missing
Automatic shutdown after startup
Init gix-annex additional repo with existing files
Ubuntu make fails with No such file or directory /lib/modules/3.4.0/build
Which is has higher performance? Nvidia proprietary or Nouveau open source?
luksOpen doesn't decrypt with keyfile unless --key-file argument is provided
UDEV build error - undefined reference to `mq_getattr'
Kali Linux on Macbook 4 1
I can't ping to a local docker container IP in server A from server B creating a static route
Installed Kali linux on vbox vm how to install gpu driver?
How can I make a hotkey that automatically opens a serial session and sends a single character?
purpose of symbolic links when mounting via fstab
Auto-connect VPN in Kali Linux?
LXDE: Add shell scripts, etc. to Run (Alt+F2) box
Segmentation Fault in System Directory `/tmp`
How do I choose the name of the root subdirectory when zipping?
setuid root does not work
Using dd on Mac OS: conv=fsync equivalent?
Linux Dev VM Server - SSH Withouth Authentication
Keyboard shortcut to hide DockBarX
Bash: For loop single line
Excluding specific folders while copying stuffs from one directory to another
Add string after a certain string in the same line in a text file
Average of cells with time HH:MM:SS
Convert corrupted VideoCD for uploading to YouTube
Can't run tor on Kali Linux
How do I make this command read the password from standard input on terminal?
Download data in the website(http) recursively with wget
wpa_supplicant and moving between static and dhcp networks
is there a command line terminal interface to git
Linux stuck at boot: A start job is running for
Debian Installer With Backported Kernel
PHP throwing out an error version mismatch with MySQL plugin
bash: warning: shell level (1000) too high, resetting to 1
Apache won't start
IBM AIX aix how to start cluster when a lv is modified and other cluster nodes are down?
Linux sed - finding a wildcard string with no spaces in it
Fedora 25 and disabling whatever is listening on port 111
How to find the processes causing high write i/o on the storage
How to append some line matched to previous line matched with sed?
Compare two columns and insert value to next column
Cron Error mails in Linux
Cannot erase file in $HOME
Concatenate 2 binary strings in base64 form
using motion to trigger snapshot when movement stops
Disable isc-dhcp-server form startup
problems during install gnome on Centos 7?
Bulk downloading PDFs
How can I undo a 'sudo' command before entering the password?
Running script in cygwin enviroment
RHEL 7 multi-user.target disables Wi-Fi
Why I have to not quote a string variable in this specific case?
zypper search output what does i+ mean?
Why can't echo and printf output variables that have only whitespace characters?
vimdiff show difference in full block
Usage of touch with pipeline
wipefs is not working as expected
Reinstall new linux distro on existing partition without effecting other partitions and GRUB
Find name of directories that don't contains specific subdirectories
How to delete string other than pattern?
Chroot directory and all of its parents must be owned by root?
Bash needs to send a command to another CLI
Squid TLS 1.2 reverse proxy without caching
Echo bracket symbol to terminal
301 error when checking nginx_status
grep thorugh device does not work
When would [[ ]] test fail and [ ] succeeds for the same test?
Comparing two columns of one file with two columns of another file. Python or Bash?
How do I build a kernel using patches from LKML?
Is it possible for dialog gauge to track an install
IPTables ssh port redirect
Get active sink in PulseAudio
find text after given string in file
Help in debugging Exim4 SMTP AUTH 535 Incorrect authentication data
zsh completion tag-order matching patterns
Are there any substantive downsides to passwordless "su -l" over passwordless "sudo -i"?
Strange ping latency
Text annotations and image additions to PDF file using free software
Where is the .xprofile for Elementary OS Luna
DVD not mounted automatically in Linux Mint Debian Edition
find: prune does not ignore specified path
Adding timestamp to file/dir name
Keeping the latest two version and delete the remaining
Systemd fails to start Nginx on reboot, but it works manually
Pivot root between two Linux installations
Public key f3:6e:87:04:ea:2d:b3:60:ff:42:ad:26:67:17:94:d5 blacklisted (see ssh-vulnkey(1)); refusing to send it
How can I build android on my debian while using eclipse ? (java dependencies problem)
removing data from txt file
Is there any way to get Intel i915 graphics without ACPI?
Windows 8.1 not appearing on grub after Linux Mint 16
How should I enable the trace log for ALSA hda_unsol_event?
Root complete history commands
Problem with completion in TexMaker on Elementary OS
How can I set up a job to copy a directory, not overwriting existing files?
Why sed prints first string from file even if it's failed to find matching groups
Can not install any color scheme in Vim in Kubuntu
How to copy multi-page text from the terminal into the clipboard?
Why is the 'sudo' password different than the 'su root' password
Can someone clarify this Bash script
Using a Unix Domain Socket to Control VLC
Bash Script To Find Debian Release Number from /etc/debian_version
Cygwin - Shell Scripting (eval and echo)
Intel Turbo Boost apparently activated for no reason?
Debian Stable libgl1-nvidia-glx:i386 not found (trying to install Steam)
Why does GNU Parallel slow down?
How to change speed limit of running trickle instance
How to asynchronously launch external program from cli and discard its output?
Unable to apt-get after editing firewall settings
awk to consolidate large tabular file?
How to save the dynamic input from command line to a file in the same format as input using Shell script
Memcached Issue connection lost in between Centos
i don't get ipv6. Why cannot I ping ipv6.google.com?
change IP address
Debian A start job is running for Unattended Upgrades
Accessing each line in .txt file, download and rename links
Change version of PHP which CLI uses on CloudLinux VPS
Raspberry Pi Zero W, Pi camera with motion error
Add a word in end of each line starting with > in a file using unix command
Renaming files with numbers
Using Sed in a for loop with a regular expression
What's the best way to run a long script without the SSH client crashing?
ausearch how to specify both time and date
systemctl list all possible (including disabled) services
Using space before 1st partition of USB-Stick as luks key
Replace pattern in all columns except in specific column
How to mount stackable filesystem wrapfs on /
Faulty inadyn-mt.conf
how can i change the files of an appimage?
Freshclam can't pull updates from Azure Storage blob
Maven application runs alone but not with systemd
SSH Tunneling, have some problems
Necessary package for compiling libX11
Makefile - How to install a bash script into user's bin directory?
wpa_supplicant does not run at boot
posix_spawnp hangs until child process terminates on Debian 9
Backup using dd reformatted disk from ntfs to ext4. Can I recover any of the files?
What is the meaning of pos1 and pos2 under sort -k?
Matching vlan id and priority with ebtables
Can I make a USB Thumb Drive inserted in one port readable from another port?
Unable to build Intel driver on Puppy Linux - Cannot find a kernel config file
Understanding the limits of bash token substitution
ProxyPass on Nginx not working as expected
Is it possible to make a crontab using daemon?
Chroot Jail User | Allow access via ssh shell
How to dual boot Fedora 30 along with Windows 10 in the same SSD boot drive?
systemd way to disable wlan if wired network is available?
How to automatically turn on wifi hotspot on laptop
How to select certain lines (n, n+4, n+8, n+12...) from the file?
colorchange in less status line
Linux seperate a network into two using MACVLAN - one for internet, one for internal communication
Non x11 apps over x11
Making bootable media from a running OS
How do I print all env vars beginning with the letter 'T'?
How passwd command from non-root account succeeds
How do I refresh the Google calendar in Gnome?
How to add "sudo" group
What are benefits and downsides of unprivileged containers?
Time remaining for the next run
force zypper to install a specific version
Vim syntax highlighting fails with autosession
'No such file or directory' when I am trying to format Logical Volume
Deleting a file object from a library
How to convert Log file to CSV using bash
airmon-ng with internal wifi adapter
How does Gnome clock/calendar applet get weather, sunset and sunrise time information?
Automounts: All mounting and will not umount on its own
Pushing changes to driver repos
How to handle gnome-settings-daemon memory leak?
Improve kernel boot time
Linux RPC - server side
why my subdomain is not accessible from the Internet?
Insert space at specified position in a file
Using head and tail to grab different sets of lines and saving into same file
how to find a file extension with multiple dots
Can I run a command loaded from .bashrc with sudo?
Adding text to beginning of text file
Building a Read-Only Linux System With a Writable Layer in RAM
What operating systems do experienced users use and why?
How to assign the cat output of a bash script to a variable in another script
can we print the last word of each line in linux using sed command?
Can signal be ignored (lost)?
rysnc files and folders into a location without altering permissions
How to show the number of installed packages
How to get Vodafone mobile connect (or equivalent) working reliably on Debian Squeeze
How to install some packages from "unstable" Debian on a computer running "stable" Debian?
Different layouts and specific key mapping for different keyboards
Setting up networking for KVM on Gentoo with exit to wifi adaṕter
Bluehost to Digital Ocean: Building a Web Development / Test Environment on Laptop
Determine status of laptop lid
Script using "split" in a loop over large files
Linux equivalent for Microsoft Visio?
How to insert the result of a command into the text in vim?
How to transfer a VirtualBox OSE VM to the metal
How to change a hostname
What is a valid hostname label?
How to find what other machines are connected to the local network
How to cut part from log file?
Is there a standard way to configure what policy iptables loads on startup under Debian?
How to check why the cdrom cannot be open exclusively
Iso booting with grub2
How do I configure OpenVPN as a Gateway client for Witopia?
Add all users in one group to another group?
Add latency when accessing certain websites under linux
Mounting USB disks automatically (How it works)
How to clear DNS cache on DD-WRT
What is Fedora's equivalent of 'apt-get purge'?
sendmail configuration to use CNAME domain as the from FQDN
Measuring transfer speed of USB drive
Extract value between double quotes
Redhat httpd start failed showing "ELinks: Connection refused"
Store output of a command into a ring-buffer
Script for testing SFTP login status?
Use/See whole the flash memory space
apt-get install gives 404 not found, but URL works
zip -r v/s zip -R
How to replace m part of Lines with n part of Lines?
Whats wrong with this code?
Configuring SSTP client on Debian
awk - read program AND input from the standard input?
Confused by different output from iptables -L
sudo and fish: no credential caching
Grub not Recognizing XEN Kernel on Boot
Can strace/ptrace cause a program to crash?
jenkins hook up with apache sites-enabled
unix oracle connectivity
use drivers from old kernel in new kernel
Joining two files
Fine-tune LS_COLORS for directory suffixes?
Can't get out of foreground mode in STunnel
NFS mounting wrong File System
Show error messages and information that a program was killed on another terminal
How to use Reiser4 on Debian Wheezy?
How to know if I'm booting using UEFI?
Write variable containing large text with \n to a file with common shell interpreters. How do you do it?
Trigger an init script when a specific device is up and a kernel module has been loaded
systemd mount volume using device symlink
Invoke date within an awk command to format output
Run command on remote login for any shell
How to disable Hardware Acceleration in Linux?
How to disable implicit source port mapping on outgoing UDP packets sent through NAT in iptables?
Find out what process accesses file/device
Installing lablgtk on Linux
sed Argument List Too Long While Updating JSON
Setting graphical environment: dpkg-reconfigure or update-alternatives?
Checking for program installation and continuing script
Laptop display not working - but external monitor is (Antergos)
How to get the ruid, euid, suid and rgid, egid, sgid of a process?
postfix and mailman. One list is working, others bounce
BASH - customizing PS1 to run a command
Symlinking all dot-files and -directories
Word splitting in positional parameters
Cannot compile TpLink Archer T9UH adapter drivers on Kali Linux VM
Will a custom encoding C# class function properly with the Mono .NET 4.0 libraries installed on Ubuntu 16.04?
Can I be sure that the name of a Linux Audit record's field is unique?
Incompatibility of High Level Assembly on Kali Linux Rolling
Glade gtk drag and drop tools
Is it actually necessary to upgrade all packages before upgrading Fedora with DNF?
Adding new columns in a csv file
sed to print pattern that spans across lines
How to automatically load tmux at login, but not if already inside tmux?
Could not set locale for common user
avoiding caching twice with apt-cacher
Text manipulation: Extract everything inside brackets
How to recover a failed KDE4 desktop without deleting the entire ~/.kde4 directory?
Why do these commands produce different outputs?
Reducing the complexity of the data in text file
How to cause udisksctl to act for another user?
gnu screen command for X
parse snmpwalk output to array
Does default postfix installation support ssl and sasl2 Linux Mint (Ubuntu)
How do I access a folder which I can't sudo cd into?
problem of denied access using kvm
failed to start service
Microphone not working on archlinux
Does this example implement the same as `ln -sr`?
7zip and Move Files with Spaces in Bash Script
Configure Duplicity to use pinentry?
On MAC OS X 10.11.4 - Loss of extended file attribute when copying a file
How do I set up dual quadro cards in RHEL 5.5
Connect alauda driver to an mtd device
Disable screen blanking on text console
.dtors looks writable, but attempts to write segfault
What is the correct procedure to replace MDM with LightDM on Linux Mint?
How to mv .bin bin
sed to change the first match of a different match
Navigate to previously focused window in xmonad
Append to an existing variable in a file
How to upgrade the boost to specified version?
How do I mount an Ext4 File System with an alternate SuperBlock?
Trouble recovering multiple RAIDs with mdadm
Why I can not use all the 100% potential of CPU?
Unable to mount any ISO images
can't see disk partition /dev/sdb in linux
Centos 7: failed to bring up/down networking: configure interface for a trunk interface
How to detect the screen is locked or not when the screen saver is active on Redhat 6.6?
Bind C-j to backward-kill-word, says command not found
Files are not shown on mounted partition that is booted from LiveCd
Splitting a pdf-file into 2 pdf's (one contining equal pages etc...)
lsusb doesn't list device names
How to install and run xlsx2csv on Fedora 19?
Trying to get a usb modem to run with wvdial
Open CSV File And Go Straight To Spreadsheet
Laptop wireless not working following Linux install
Restrict user script execution
Symlinked folder cannot be opened
netctl using wrong interface
Is it better/preferred to kill all child processes by using PPID or PGID?
Can I make a public directory under a private directory?
DPKG error when installing puppetserver
Setting Alsa to output 44.1kHz
Update global firefox addons automatically
How to share a file over "Windows Share" protocol from scientific linux?
Removing gedit without removing all of cinnamon-desktop-environment
On OSX, vi seems to return 1 unexpectedly despite no error
Samba Error NT_STATUS_HOST_UNREACHABLE on any other node yet not on host
Running ssh from chroot jail in SuSE
Killing PGIDs but proceses are respawning, how do I make it persistent?
Recursive rm doesn't work for me
Bind not working as expected. Possible misconfiguration
Bash test on successful subshell command returns false
Sum of cached memory and shared memory exceed total memory
daemon version of tail -f dir1/app.*.log.* dir2/app.*.log.*
Force alphabetical order in for loop with if conditions
move a list of files to a list of locations
How to combine strings from JSON values, keeping only part of the string?
Konsole does not participate in either clipboards for one user
Read permission denied even when using sudo and all permissions are granted
What are the relations between the tracer, tracee and calling processes in strace with -D and without -D?
Boot delay due to systemd device start job timeout
Bind key in Old SystemV for end-of-line
Claws Mail: import messages + folder structure from Thunderbird
How can I upgrade my deb package
Move contents of all sub subdirectories up into just their subdirectories
what does the linux standard base specify about the kernel?
How to create as many variables as needed from shell script(bash)?
Set Transmission as default program when opening magnet links
Always redirect error to /dev/null
Can I see what HDD I have installed?
How to get Evolution to run in VNC on Debian/Wheezy (or later)?
How to use output of one command as input in another command
Benchmarking Apache using ab
Excluding kernel modules through /etc/modprobe.d/blacklist.conf does not work
How can a version of a package conflict with itself?
shell command to get pixel size of an image
Test for monitor resolutions
Why is brk(0) called?
Install third party software on Linux from source
What doesn't need defragmentation? Linux or the ext2 ext3 FS?
Open program as root, close root session but still program is running
Can AMD and NVIDIA display cards work together on linux?
ssh passwordless doesn't work for newly created user through “useradd” command
Showing read only /var partition on Debian
What is the purpose of olpc-mesh connection in nmcli
Grow an HFS+ Volume on OSX without re-partitioning
Unable to login to KDC server without password prompt
How to set/change LXTerminal font for standard user?
Boot MBR on Mac mini
I want to disconnect automatically when the signal of wpa_supplicant is weak
What effect does rc_sys="docker" have?
How to use ssh in a function(bash)?
How to solve "cinnamon-session-cinnamon failed" error
What is wrong with my hotkey map?
How do I fix this broken CPAN and Perl installation
How can I add a transparent lock screen in Raspbian/Pixel
Is it possible to fully hide the app bar in xfce?
How to clear all bash variables?
How do I download a file that does not have a direct link?
In crontab, can I specify a number of days before the end of month?
What is the meaning of update-alternatives --config java command
Unload unresponsive kernel module
How to disable all firewall rules and SElinux if runs on CentOS7
Differences between RHEL developer suite and other versions
Pattern matching and grep together
How to combine all CSV 'S to one CSV in an order
how can i get bashrc file if it deleted in linux
Is there a SSH (remote) command history
Broken package problem installing ring on Mint 18.1
Bash as float calculator
how to remove newline characters in fasta sequence
Cannot run remote script via bash script but can through terminal
Why does SSH reports possible man-in-the-middle with different key types?
How to upgrade from Centos 7.1 to 7.2?
Nginx redirect/rewrite a domain.a to domain.b/foo/ without changing a url
How do I pass variable value as bracket expansion sequence value?
Class declaration in puppet
Show Message-ID for mail being written
difference between /dir and /dir/
Is there a general USB 3.0 support in OpenWrt?
What chunks are mismatched in a Linux md array?
Disable the wireless network adapter in arch
Infinite loop in bash
How to make xargs handle spaces and special chars from cat?
Linux Based Platform suitable for Architects
sar/sysstat output logs to a 2nd directory
Piping to 'tee' commands prevents changes in environment variables
Is it possible to do a here-document in one line or echo verbatim?
Installing Linux as the primary OS on HP Pavilion DV-7-1225-ez
Allow only ls on directories
Finding APL symbols on the keyboard
Escape '/bin/bash' from filename
Systemd path unit not starting the script when folder is changed
Use Alfa AWUS1900 WLAN device in monitor mode on Kali Linux
How to automatically deactive a linux kernel module after kernel panic?
Don't understand my mounted partitions
Read line BASH (Output $line and line below)
Linux Mint 19.2 Tina GUI won't startx automatically
Canonical path without resolve symbol link
install pip and setuptools on remote machines
How to create my own simple autoresponder for Postfix with custom conditions?
How to disallow 'cd ..' for a chroot user
Auto mount partition when attempting to `cd` (kind of lazy mounting)
Installing Linux-3.19 API Headers in LFS giving error
How can I embed Subtitles into an MP4 Generated with ffmpeg
How to install Google Cloud completion in NixOS with Oh-My-Zsh?
What software allows drawing on PDFs?
Error reading detecting sdcard partitions
Audio not working on Gigabyte x570 Aorus Master with ALC1220 and ESS SABRE 9118 DAC
"ssh user@host echo $PATH" gives me local path not remote path
Convert source/ text files
First time installing TinyDNS as a service in a FreeBSD jail - how to do it?
What's this pipe in apt suggested packages?
Setup TLS in postfix for local/internet mail in a LAN
How do I get rid of bot grub bootloaders?
In tmux 2.6+ how do you start tmux with a set number of tabs named without creating a bash script and only using .tmux.conf file
Which Debian-based distros gives clear easy dual boot setup w/Windows10?
sed: Remove Line And Preceding Lines on Non-First Occurrance
how to add home directory to path variable
lp -o sides=two-sided-long-edge 1.pdf not working
synaptic do not show packages long description
Does Google Chrome require some parts of GNOME3?
Select an action with a key
Audio to multiple HDMI sinks
Is it possible to give a program priority without running as root?
During Linux installation, where does the escape key take me?
Reload Xresources on the fly
Symbolic links in Yocto
is it possible execute any command with McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator on linux
how to disable systemd service start/stop notifications
Restore interactive commands after accidentally overpaging pipe input to less?
What happens on pressing Ctrl-T in a terminal when a program is running?
Is it possible to use vmm/vmd for non-CLI VMs? [OpenBSD]
Installing OpenSSL 1.1.0
How to enable 2560x1440 option for display in Linux Mint?
How to iterate over files returned by ls
Python Pip is broken
What is abrt and the process abrt-action-generate-core-backtrace?
crontab's @reboot only works for root?
Different representation of bash in 'ps -f' command
netatalk use system users on Debian
HowTo Chroot to BSD
Problems setting up own Cloud Lab
fstrim trims more than half of partition size even though partition mounted with discard
GRUB2 and Foreign Keyboards
Why's my FreeBSD OpenJDK port update failing (and how do I fix it)?
placing things in a users home directory with .deb
Clear all Snapper snapshots
Change the way folders are displayed in terminal
Where to put files on a installer?
It is a good idea to download the default Linux utilities?
Server Authorization directory incorrect ownership during linux mint installation
Should I install the AMD/Intel microcode packages when running Debian?
how to workaround a deadlock (multithreading a program)
Why does BIOS needs to load first stage boot loader from MBR, but this is not the case with UEFI?
Debian offline dist-upgrade in one step
Providing access permissions to 2 git repositories inside single git instance
Get 'python-keyring' to stop prompting for 'encrypted keyring' password
Using process substitution to trick programs expecting files, with specific extensions as argument?
Output only the IP addresses of the online machines with nmap
Problem using Ctrl+Arrow keys in Vim when using Byobu with tmux
Unable to determine your tty name on Debian Wheezy on ARM
How to create user with only SSH permissions
is there a way to see a listing of packages ONLY from Debian-experimental?
How to zip only files under multiple subdirectories?
How do I detect running processes using a library package?
How to restart polkitd?
How to persist a file in /usr/local in embedded FreeNAS
What's the standard for indentation in shell scripts?
Archive of QNX's use messages?
Cannot connect to fedora on port 80
Throttle the download speed of wget or curl while downloading
Why can a system become unresponsive?
How to make linux 'perf record' work for libc and libstdc++ symbols?
How to run a script with systemd right before shutdown?
How do I use sftp to get a directory and all its contents?
What does it mean for an email message to be "old"?
'mv' equivalent of drag and drop with replace?
inexact text search
Does POSIX guarantee that the standard utilities are in PATH?
inittab equivalent in fedora 15?
dual booting centos5.5 and fedora
Dual monitor configuration on Intel Ivy Bridge
How to see package version without install?
Wireless connection connecting and disconnecting all the time
Installing vim/emacs on solaris 8
Chkconfig on Linux Mint 12 giving tons of errors
Supress startup messages on stdout?
How to Navigate within bash's Reverse Search?
How do I add an if statement (regarding punctuation in a word) to this bash script
Can I use a parallel port as a CUPS input device?
creating shortcuts to executables on IRIX64 6.5
Switching source and destination (or undoing the mv, cp operation)
Run a command that is shadowed by an alias
free / top difference. Does free show virtual memory?
Need reference on the usage of bist commands
slitaz 4.0 grub2 loopback concatenate multiple initrd images
Busybox NAS appliance
Amazon Linux - update path to java
In bash, what are potential negative consequences of pausing a process with control-z?
su does not change user but does not respond with an error either
What is the default encryption type of the ssh-keygen?
xte and keyboard mapping
How can we use the command 'top‘ to monitor the total CPU usage and each processor usage simultaneously?
sudo cannot open /etc/sudoers
How can I add a program to my start menu?
libpangocairo-1.0.so.0: undefined symbol: cairo_has_show_text_glyphs error
How can I remove all symbolic links with a special target?
How to use tshark or tcpdump to calculate bytes transmitted
CInt Configure Script: Syntax error at left parenthesis
Display distinct values of a list and number of occurences
Autostart TeamSpeak via systemd under Ubuntu
tmux detach session remote
How do I keep command options from breaking other scripts executed within my command?
Launch top command showing all cores immediately
How do I remove a . from the start of a Bash string and write the result to a variable?
What the devil is overriding my path on SSH login?
messed up partitions during mint installation
Where are characters typed into a terminal saved?
Can custom locale spec live under ~/?
xfs: writing to 17TB offset doesn't actually write it to specified offset
Command line method to find repeat-word typos, with line numbers
backreferences in `rename` regex
gimp-plugin cannot find gtk/gtk.h
Meaning of output of mount
Software RAID using network shares as drives
How to grep a log file from specific date to end of file?
Check if shell variable contains an absolute path
bash script : How to backup /user/home?
How to disable (cleanly) the power button?
Failed to connect to mac machine from Debian machine using afpcmd
How to subtract a prefix from a path from find -regex?
Various syntax errors when measuring the execution time of a script
Zlib dictionary training
Cycle with exception in bash
Debian 10 fcitx not starting on startup
Calculating how many sub directories and files in 'documents/'
Compare columns of different file and paste the contents if matches
tuxad-php repo problem
Dual Boot goes Read Only
Parsing Arguments in Bash
Compare three files: lines present in all of them using column comparison
QEMU: cannot run commands with non-root user
Bind C-\ from variable in tmux
error downloading packages using yum
Makefile not linking required dependency
Virtualbox Linux Mint boot black screen with blinking line
Why does it appear group::r-x #effective:r-- in the setfacl\getfacl command?
Cannot access /home/user directory with permissions drwxrwxrwx
how do I make the nvm-managed version of node the default one for all processes?
Linux Processes
bash colored completion doesn't obey LS_COLORS environment variable
How do I automatically authenticate as superuser on new terminals without password (i.e; sudo -v)?
Tracing and timing every step of the initialization of the shell
mkinitcpio : command not found
How do I invoke Zsh and skip .zshrc or .zshenv?
Can I use a pass value higher than 2 in fstab?
How to install Mac OS Sierra in virtual box on Linux Mint 19
How do I display the thread / child process count of a process in top?
tc qdisc not delete filter
HELP - problem setting up Linux FW with two interfaces
How do I list a systemd unit's wants?
I cannot execute trimmomatic on ubuntu
Unix: Copy all words in a file that contains the word "Justin" to another file
Making a text based server with netcat or other programs?
Icon launches python script but doesn't save .txt
Xorg freezes after some time on Dell XPS 9570
Piping ls to grep. Why does grep disregard the output from the ls command?
Using Grep to find two words on same line
Data loss from duplicate vg name?
Create a symbolic link to only single event of USB mouse
Why is my username/hostname in the SSH public key?
Copy files with specific header
How to disable custom icons for program in XFCE
What is /dev/vcs* on Linux?
I want to execute man command on another command that I get as input from a file
Putty does not paste from Elementary OS (Ubuntu)
Tomcat 8 limit size of Catalina.out
Vim won't use default colorscheme
How can I set an environment variable which contains newline characters?
eCryptfs key in kernel image or initramfs
Possibile sources of 5us-20us latency gap when sending long block of of serial data to tty device?
LVM: is this mirrored? is copy this slow?
How can I get 1080p to work on my TV with HDMI using xrandr?
How to get banshee music name through dbus?
How do I search for files from the gnome GUI in debian?
Unable to see eth0 after ifconfig
md5deep utility giving wrong/different output!
Automount EncFS unit
Removed GNOME desktop, cannot connect to internet from terminal
How to test that my server is indeed in 1gbps connection?
How to take the log of the patches we applied?
How to verify a file automatically over sftp?
Unable to install Mysql
autorun a linux program on startup from a non-root user in centOS 6 64bit
Why does sed globally substitute only the first occurence in multiple substiutions?
Ubuntu under VirtualBox 4.3.12 r93733 run slow on Windows7 with AVG free 2011
Merging Kali with Tails
Pointing domain name to server
How to debug random reboots, with no kernel panic, of an embedded system?
Pass a command to ROOT from a shell script and having it stay open
How can I unveal files on my external hard drive?
problem regarding YUM
Call background process back to stdout
Is dash or some other shell "faster" than bash?
stable, stable/updates and stable-updates in the sources.list
Can Linux programs be sent a SIGXXX command they can respond to in the UI?
Recovering from 'grub rescue>' crash
Is space not allowed in a filename?
Partially overwrote /dev/sda, can I recover anything?
Find threads/scripts associated with a port?
syntax coloring R terminal
Remove SOME advertised link modes with ethtool
(Errno 30: Read-only file system) when creating python virtualenv in shared folder
High memory usage from "git status -z -u"?
Unix timestamp doubt
Cron */6 hours but with an offset?
Should I always set the root shell to /usr/bin/false?
How to save file names with a different name?
Can't delete with sed
Using mouse scroll with Multitail
postgres processes running while not using it
Do I need a framebuffer driver for a minimal CLI system without X?
wifi-menu isn't connecting to Internet and giving errors
Until statement waiting for process to finish being ignored
cat heredocument copied everything besides function call
systemd: how can I run a script on start of a service, without editing the service definition
How to make g_printer (USB-gadget printer) work in Raspberian Pi
SSH session through jumphost via remote port forwarding
How to grep two strings in line by specific order AND calculating values line by line according to my grep
How does Linux handle routing a request to its own IP?
Why are vms in KVM/QEMU called domains?
Broken symlink to Vim
Do unique IDs exist for display connections?
Configured Public/Private Key on CentOS6 - Still letting me connect without Private Key
How to install rEFInd for DIY multiboot USB
Parse `uptime` for just the duration
Making create DB user and create DB instance, run over existing values with the same name
Launching zypper command with root privilege
Solaris 11 ipfilter service stops on physical link down
How to do `head` and `tail` on null-delimited input in bash?
Separate STDOUT noise from ncurses
confuse with awk user define function
include a binded folder for each new users created
Why does "$(( ~33 ))" produce -34?
How can I uncompress gz files in random directories and store the decompressed files in those same directories?
how browsers intelligent on OS detection?
Getting modifier keys (Alt, Ctrl) to work together with ISO_Level3_Shift
Is extracting the first line from a file that is accessed via NFS thread safe?
How can a bash function return multiple values?
Which number from 1 till 64 is the debug's signal number?
Initialise NTFS-Filesystem from old $MFT
What exactly term ATOM means in Gentoo Portage?
Is it better to wait for Snapper to finish before rebooting?
Why 'cp --preserve=links' doesn't work?
How to change display resolution for Armbian ?
exec in php does not work
Using sed to replace numbers with @ inserts @ between every character
Enforce Commited_AS to be no more than CommitLimit plus MemTotal on Linux
Samba works but can't connect through Windows 10
shell script or awk script to delete files that first column/field is empty
Declaring a variable that does not have input
How to automatically strip trailing spaces on save in Vi and Vim?
checking data in columns when a data or some may be missing or present?
Nested filtering in rsyslogd
Preventing output to /var/log/syslog
ssh/scp works but rsync just constantly says "no"
Lenovo ThinkPad E430 - 32 or 64 bit?
how can I find out my server's subnet mask via SSH
How to safely kill processes so that output redirection is not aborted?
Install man pages in directory with update-alternatives
Polish chars in gedit (Fedora 18)
Is there a clang-snapshot?
What exactly would happen if this command were run?
How to prevent the caps-lock toggle effect, without remapping or disabling it?
What filesystem should be used when transferring files between Linux systems?
How should I format a USB prior to writing an ISO to it?
How to check if the ISO was written to my USB stick without errors?
unable to segment theora vorbis video file with ffmpeg
Using mutt and not revealing IP address
Splitting large PDF into small files
Sort using custom pattern
Should I restart after a pacman upgrade?
Can I pipe any two processes to each other?
difference between X and Xorg executables under Debian 6.0(kernel 2.6.32-5-686)
Finding all the hard-links of a file without traversing the file system
Missing "version.h" when installing fglrx
How to set default console keyboard layout in Arch Linux?
Safest way to run ext4 fsck on external drive
Can I launch a process as root without launching root's login shell?
Install new packages on old unmaintained computer
How can I keep color codes with grep input?
Linux/GParted can see partition table but dd bs=512 count=1 can't
How to connect INTEX 3.5G (aka 普创E003) Wireless USB modem on Ubuntu?
Selecting/highlighting Text Problem
apt-get error 503
sed + how to remove character/s that start or ended on each number
CPU usage of KVM
Using grep to count number of occurrences for each word found in a regex pattern
package-cleanup --oldkernels won't clean out an old 3.x kernel with 4.x kernel installed
How to sum the content of all the files in directory columnwise
grep for IP without last octet as 0
Install packages into encrypted partition in kickstart?
Bash - How can I make "Press any key to continue"
Alternative to 'head' that doesn't exit?
scp copy direction: what is source, what is target?
Extracting IPs from a web list
Extract parts of csv filename in columns
Understanding unix user
Python `read -n1 var`?
Suppress warning messages from MySQL in shell script but allow errors
How to make bootable Debian USB on mac?
Why ping not works through Interface name but works through Interface address?
Undocumented format of Linux Audit log records
How to pass multiple files in one stream to process them pipe-like (without saving) on the receiving side?
Supply dimensions to convert -crop from a list of dims
How To Configure a noip on linux, if I has Double NAT ISP Like JioFi?
Copying one entire SDD drive to another larger one
Context-Sensitive Help like Cisco iOS (Switch and Router Management CLI)
remove lines in file 1 from file 2
Resize loginScreen (Background) or adjust Resolution of LightDM, CentOS 7
DNS query response logging
xorrisofs : bash: syntax error near unexpected token `('
Changing root mysql password failed when done from mysql CLI
backup my debian server to mycloud ex2 every hour
Sound gets distorted on Linux Mint
How to list the contents of a directory using a symbolic link?
Black screen in GRUB via DisplayPort
How to redirect to a file from a heredoc
How to tell sendmail to send out all mail using Mandrill smtp, smtp port, username, api key?
Create bash prompt that shows the directory after my home directory
Iterating over files and preforming operations on them
How to use bash variables in a awk command within bash for
Is it possible to turn off the "SAFER" option in Ghostscript?
Does clock() return process or overall system clock count?
Allow all users to create files in a directory, but only the owner can delete
Create a UCI configuration file with all default options
settings for iptables "recent" module
Find N Most Frequent Words in a File and How to Handle Hyphen?
How to use awk to use blank lines as record separators and to use newlines as field separators?
Create a fake read only device like file with incrond
Difference between .changes and .dsc files when manually updating a package?
Ways of logging to Linux machine
OpenSSH hangs after login without showing login prompt
How to set environment variables under MATE?
Can't Install ImageMagick on Centos using Yum
How can I parallelise the upload of a directory by FTP?
FreeNAS 9.2: install FreeBSD packages
Number comparisons in BusyBox ash
How to install the latest Python version on Debian separately or upgrade?
How can I preview the GRUB2 boot screen?
FTP and iptables. Connection fails but ports are open
How do I reset RHEL6 to autocreate home directory upon login?
How do I find out the keycodes for Ctrl+up and down arrow for TERM=screen?
why debian repository does not contain lokkit?
Problems using NTFS file system with kali linux
KDE: temporarily changing sound system
Shell one-liner for adding a line in the middle of a pipe
How can I clean out duplicate entries from my PATH?
Google chrome has the wrong docky icon
kvm usb modem passthrough
shell script - reading from standard input versus a file
How to Find the Cause of Too Many Dropped SSH Connections?
Send command to detached screen and get the output
Are partition tables always required?
Make screen start as Daemon for a Minecraft server
How can I use tee to print the input stream?
How to fix make error "No rule to make target 'menuconfig'" when building a kernel for Beagleboard?
Using a generated list of filenames as argument list -- with spaces
Turning percentages into decimals?
With "find /", skip directories like "/proc", "/sys" and similar
Replace value within single quotes in a line that contains certain word using sed command
Can't get upstart service to honor capabilities(7)
Delete spaces, hyphens, and underscores in filenames?
Make many subdirectories at once
rhel 6 default gateway not working
Can't start mysql service
Will mount search fstab for a best match?
You're speaking plain HTTP to an SSL-enabled server port
wget and curl saving web page as gibberish (encrypted?)
How to find which command is executed by a symlink?
another sed question
cron.hourly "exited with return code 1" no output to log file
Get PID of the host script in bash
Does the noexec mount option imply nosuid?
ModSecurity+Apache: Bigger POST limit for a vhost?
RPM database not seeing file installed as part of RPM
Linux file formating
x11 application not work after su
Bash background sleep
Use Alt-letter symbols on KDE
write/wall: how to prevent non-printable characters from being escaped
Kernel 4.9 module mismatch
How do I use a serial terminal with a FreeBSD server?
Cant fix: The following packages have unmet dependencies
Transform plain data into json file
Can't login with rsa key on a Raspbian
Fail2Ban fails to ban!
How to reduce the impact of changing the value of the `fpath` array on zsh starting time?
Mounting a subdirectory of home onto an own partition confuses disk usage report
Yum failing: Requires installed packages
How Do I include the " > " in this if condition | Bash Script
How to find + convert on these .gif?
Issues with -z / --time-cond Curl option over SFTP
Is there an idiomatic variable for the terminal executable in Linux?
How to interpret line in sudoers
How to run "fsck -y" on next boot in Ubuntu
Why is Lumina desktop not booting?
Fdisk does not match /proc/partitions or mount points (embedded)
dnf install completion not working with zsh, yet working with bash
I'm getting 'Name or service not known' in Linux Kali when connecting with Virtualbox Bridged Adapter
SSD Encryption / dm-crypt
Using xorg in a Lenovo Ideapad
Editing lines from multiple files as if from one
Migrating from Debian sid/unstable to testing
C++ system() on bash script with at executes differently
fail2ban ip blocked, yet still login attempts
Most efficient for multiple distros on one machine
How to write a "compose" function of bash pipelines with named pipes
ssh linux to mac inside and outside lan
grep restart script if not running
Bash - Running a bash script from within a ksh script
Installing Fedora onto Hard Drive: Error checking storage configuration
How do I get deboostrap (via live-build) to use Raspbian's release keyring?
What does `cp -x` do?
Touchpad scrolling is very jumpy on Wayland
no iptables, no selinux, port 81 in virtualhost still not working
How to execute a command on window focus/unfocus?
rsync failing to exclude directory
gvim search query for mixed AND & OR conditions
Print every fifth occurence
Adding a custom keyboard layout (and setting it as the default)
yum update exits with "Didn't install any keys"
NEF/RAW images too small in geeqie
WebGL not working with Firefox, Intel HD graphics, ArchLinux, and Thinkpad T540p
broken cron job after editing it
How do I properly align multi-column text file?
Does at scheduled tasks remain after reboot?
Why isn't ext listed for file system types supported by my kernel?
Do both "stat -f" and "cat /etc/fstab" show file system ids?
Why did find with -delete erase the files in my /save/ directory when find without delete was not able to locate them?
Removing Incorrect WINS record
No analog audio with AMD E1 - HDMI "takes over"
Compare a certain lines from multiple documents
Unable to chroot /mnt/sysimage
Unix/Linux Command to capture a word if other line contain a word (both the lines have common attribute)
Ansible resetting swap on linux
How to use parameters from an output that is separated by lines, using bash
Rename and prefix filename with date and time
TL-WN722N v2 (Debian 9)
Command which removes data left side of ";" (semicolon) on each row
How to unrar nested RAR files?
Find .extension and move to other directory
Wifi adapter not found or recognized on 18.04
Want to turn off "note" level messages in GCC
Regex to rename Folder from "dd.mm.yy" to "yy.mm.dd"?
Error occurred during the signature verification in synaptic package manager for debian buster repositories
How can I install stubby on a Raspberry PI?
Error when trying to install packages via pacman on Arch Linux WSL
Compile kernel module and insert on-the-fly
firefox gtk-dialog "save as" offers a file name without extension
Automatically detect when I typed "vi" but meant "cd"?
Why it is necessary to update /etc/default/grub, and not just save it?
Linux Equivalent of Windows Reparse Points?
How do I get my laptop screen backlight brightness controls to work?
Ssh 'access denied' from one host but not the other
SSH public key authentication works on LAN and not from WAN
How can I delete a hardlink to a directory?
Set up an email domain with Postfix and Dovecot
Remove branch from all submodules
Exclude all subdirectories except one specific path in a find command
Safe to change owner of OS X system folders?
How to share a GNU sed script between Linux and Mac OS X
How can I find the hardware model in Linux?
GitKraken does not start anymore on Ubuntu 18.04
Make debian "apt" (new apt-get / aptitude frontend) cache .deb files in '/var/cache/apt/archives/'
Why does `sudo -i` but not `sudo` remove newline characters?
Why msfconsole is always showing "please answer yes or no"
How to use locate with a world-unreadable home directory
Debian 9 (Stretch): How to create SFTP file exchange between various machines?
What does this stream of characters represent (when using unbuffer)?
Keep menu and dialog mnemonic underlining "always on", whether by default or "per-app"?
Timeout subprocess pid
Is there any "base" Debian metapackage?
Provide password to udisks to unlock LUKS-encrypted device
How can I use LDAP as a login server for Linux?
How can I remove the last comma separator from the end of a file?
XUbuntu: disable system sounds
How to prevent root login from GNOME 3 login screen (Arch Linux)?
Mass convert audio files to a specified bitrate, but only if their bitrate is higher than that bitrate using ffmpeg
Paste contents of many files together within a vi bash script
How does ssh or any other service work without pam?
IPTables vs AF_PACKET sockes
A way to export/import gpaste settings
I'm trying to open an image in the terminal without any success
How to change Live DVD drive without reboot? (SquashFS)
jq + print properties from json file without removing the necessary backslash
awk pipe input and output of a shell cmd
How can you create a Logical Volume with more than 128 stripes?
openSuse: how to get rid of annoying "Authentication Required" dialog from auto-update
KDE - Monitor doesn't go into power save mode
How to use Locale-Specific Translation in Bash?
Some Misunderstanding in Basics of the Installation of Linux Mint
How do I use xhost for linking the display of one virtual terminal device to another?
add new data into existing file
Can not resolve names but can ping addresses when connected to IPV4 router, all works fine with IPV6 router
Is there in fact a race condition with systemd units specifying "After=suspend.target"
Linux command error : not working in cmd prompt
How can the RES memory reported for a Java process be higher than the VIRT memory?
Compiling Apache 2.4.10 32bit on Solaris sun sparc 10 64bit
Root to the Minimal
How to install BPG (Better Portable Graphics) on Linux Mint 17?
multiple input in a awk file
Can you make a process pool with shell scripts?
3 versions of BerkelyDB installed
Unable to install anything using apt
Notion wm independent workspaces
Error while running script with nohup
Debian boot freeze (hard lockup)
Finding out the script causing MySQL failed connections
How install Google Chrome on Scientific Linux?
Broken git autocompletion after I have overridden the git command
Strange characters in GIT completion
How to replace only the Nth occurrence of a pattern in a file?
Trying to install rpm package in Fedora 21, but dependency on OpenJDK 7 results in errors
mysql high availablity for LAMP application (ubuntu 14.04)
Using lftp with ssh-agent
Restarting init without restarting the system
Move multiple folders from one subversion repository to another subversion repository
Copy the first 2 lines from a file and then remove the lines
split line based on space and delete the second part
What is the most Unix-y way to handle stdout for a backup command that might fail?
Collapsing a stream of multiple lines into one line
Connect to a remote mysql server with bash php or perl
How to reload udev rules without reboot?
Some packages in mint not updating
Qemu doesn't boot kernel after “Uncompressing Linux… done, booting the kernel. ”
Launch terminal in su mode XFCE
Limiting a specific shell's internet bandwidth usage
How to "zoom out" screen windows, everything looks too big?
Changing hostname without errors
Run tmux always when I open terminal
Mount options with ecryptfs encrypted home
How can I run `hackxor` inside VirtualBox?
AP randomly gets unreachable for the clients while hostapd is running
Cancel zsh tab completion
LFS can't cd to lfs/source - permission denied
Setting grub loader as default loader
How can I check if mysql is installed using a bash script?
How to recover from a corrupt xdebug session?
Why does debian and ubuntu default to runlevel 2?
How to disable floppy seek at linux startup?
How to 'ls' current directory (which is under svn) files info (path)?
Boot Linux system from a subdirectory on a partition?
What is the purpose of Local Folders in Kmail and can they be removed?
dhcpd: any way to check dhcp pool status?
Why does Linux on sparc64 architecture use 32-bit pointers in user-space and 64-bit pointers in kernel-space?
Mounting HTFS Disk on Linux
Custom directory for cron commands
Why `> my.log 2>&1 &` causes the job to sustain log out?
Redirecting output of program reading from stdin
Message after sudden shutdown
Why is bash used in boot scripts?
How do I know that a /dev/dm-XX device isn't used by anything on SLES 10.4 (64bit)?
Linux clean install on an HP ThinClient
chmod: What does the `+a` parameter mean?
Make gdm/mdm prompt for an empty password on liveCD
How to query pdf page size from the command line?
VSFTPD, 553 Could not create file. - permissions?
How to verify a CD against an ISO image?
ssh localhost without password doesn't work on Fedora 14
How can I change the battery icon in the systray?
Command substitution: splitting on newline but not space
How do I transfer files to a SunOS server via sftp with FileZilla?
xfce4-terminal in fluxbox follows a different style/theme to xfce4-terminal in xfce
How to log a cronjob?
Automount nfs on redhat 7.2 not works
Correct PCRE in Exim Custom Filter File
Stop http service, yum still work CentOS7
Bash recursive call fails
Handle dead.letter queue on mailx
Installing package with service account
How to restart the Fedora + Cinnamon desktop from the command line?
execve(2) not launching system commands
Improve performance when using "system" call (shell escape) processing large files in awk
Logging all crontab output using MAILTO
How to split screen in 2 in X11?
Perl DNI Script - getfreethread failed: No free PIDs found
htop - how can I enable the new metrics for "delay accounting"?
stdout and stderr redirection to different files
Is it possible to stop xrandr to move with my cursor while panning?
print row if number from file is between two columns
xupnpd2 mediaserver filter log-messages
Remove everything except csv file Bash Script
how does the expose port work in buildah
Want Linux API which gives information about new file creation
ping displays "Name or service not known"
list files with specific group and user name
su: cannot open session: Permission denied
Fork urxvt in bash without hitting Control-c
What timezone does the `at` command use?
How to use -I{} with xargs' with an -n greater than 1?
mv says files are the same name
sshfs - incorrect, old directory structure shown in remote volume, can't access data
How to sort members alphabetically in /etc/group?
Error when installing software using a GUI
mailx execution as non-root failing
After setcap on executable, curl_easy_perform throws out of memory error
What is the correct Grub configuration to boot a kernel with an initramfs embedded in the kernel image?
how can I split a string into indevidual characters in an array using bash?
why does test command startswith fail (exit with 1)?
Cifs Issues - mount error 2 no such file or directory
I try to install something, telling me to add -r flag, I do and still tells me to
LVM issues and questions
script that lists all files in a directory and subdirectories sorted by size, listing only file names not complete paths
routing through a GVPE network
How do I securely download files in shell scripting?
Why are the X11 window identifiers so large (long unsigned) integers?
Python processes appearing and disappearing in top
Remap key to two modifers or use meta shortcuts in terminal (terminator)
How to find userID after login as root using pmksh?
Password entry only responds to Ctrl + D, and password cannot be read
How does Linux kernel know that collisions occurred in Ethernet collision domain?
Finding burn-date of a DVD
Latest Debian 8 Updates Hosed KDE
How to make new files have 0664 permissions rather than 0644?
grep entries from delimited text file and include it in another command
How to find duplicate lines in a text file, while some may be commented out or have different tokens at the beginning?
Connecting to network drive on startup
“Illegal instruction” on a static MIPS binary
unzip a file and pipe to “ddrescue” command
nemo: Context Menu Action Triggering a Script that Forces the Selected Symbolic Link to be Relative
Can you pin a particular version of a chroot?
Configure scheduling to a program
Choose on which monitor new windows appear in KDE
Checking that user dotfiles are not group or world writeable
How set environment variable permanently in Red Hat Linux?
How do I make a service stop all at once?
How could a script know the path of the .desktop file that launched it?
Unable to Pull EPEL repository Metadata
mdadm metadata: should i take precautions to prevent superblock overwrite?
How to restore /sysroot on Fedora 20
How do I change the GRUB default boot?
How to update font path?
What does C-u 0 mean in Emacs
Is it possible to use comments in virsh / libvirt xml files?
Missing menu on Mint host using RDP unless logged in on host console
ALT + CTRL shortcuts in MATE problem
Show shutdown messages from last shutdown
How can I properly use my fingerprint scanner?
Bash not loading inputrc automatically
What's the downside to "TearFree" with intel graphics?
How to get CPU usage in MySQL per user?
Forwarding or proxy a request
Prevent the debian installer from assuming that my RTC is using localtime
tightvnc on Linux Mint says "could not acquire name on session bus"
Upgrading to Fedora 30 causes router crash, by packets larger than MTU. I need to report a bug - but what software caused this?
X server crashes on logout from another terminal
GPG Encryption Problem
OS X security blocking brew installation of python
What is mean runtime in perf sched latency output and does this time same with ps cputime?
Where does the Debian installer choose MBR vs GPT?
read -s gives error via script
Evaluate command based on variable at bash
How to start X server in Debian Wheezy mips running on qemu?
Ctrl+z, Ctrl+x, Ctrl+c are not working in Ubuntu 16.04 LTS
Does execvp() account for logical operators?
Using glob mime types in mimeapps.list for use with xdg-open?
How to make chown work in /sys inside docker container
getlogin() not working on Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL)
systemd-boot point to bootx64.efi (from Windows DVD ISO)
How to compare user input with content in text file?
Making Squid Work with DD-WRT
Locate specific file from script
Linux Network UPS Tools Setup
How to generate grub.cfg for different disk?
Loop over associative arrays by substring
init.d script ignored in yocto based distro
ssh into fedora inside virtual box over internet
unable to start vm on kvm
ifconfig made my server unreachable
Compile static tmux with libutempter support
ffmpeg is killed
java version not found in redhat
Why is there AF_NETLINK? Is AF_UNIX not enough?
How to emulate 'cp -a' on Solaris which does not have it?
Cannot figure out how to save iptables on Fedora 21
Different ssh login directory from user home
Writing a program for editing .txt data - Python or Unix?
Are there any user guaranteed to exist on the system
Exporting the Safari (OSX) window to a remote Linux box
How do I use a function return as a condition of an if else then shortcut?
Snort PCAP file analysing doesn't write to alert file
Snapshotting a Linux container in Debian
How to see kernel time variables without using adjtimex?
Setting up a script on an AMI box to create directories - vsftpd, pam, mysql
Unix: Bash Limiting Output to X Amount of Lines
iptables: route packets to example.com via public proxy
The 'LANGUAGE' locale variable - how to set English as primary language? A bug in gettext?
SSH message, source of a after-login greeting command
Re-map or un-map F10 from triggering window file menu in Xfce
dyanamically creating directories with pam_mkhomedir and mysql for vsftpd
How to connect to several AP's using a single physical wlan interface?
What's wrong with this sources.list?
QoS with TC qdiscs: is it possible to have ALL outbound connections have x speed limit per unique IP?
How to automaticly open a URL at specific times each day
does logging off remove contents of gdb.txt
Automatically print number of lines of command line output
How to install and configure HP LTO-5 External Tape Drive to RHEL Server
How to set resource limits for services started by systemd upon bootup
OpenLDAP: rfc2307bis instead of nis schema
Constant internet interruptions
How to install tpm_tis.ko for CentOS6
How do I remove the "search" command from grub.cfg properly?
Grub with encrypted /boot and / on btrfs RAID1?
Calc adds ' (apostrophe) when importing time from CSV
Are there any unminify tools for shell scripting?
Program is being executed differently
Setup Puppy to save to HDD
Origin of tee's name
SVN with apache2 configuration path errors
Concurrent connections and Prefork MPM module
Echo something in background but see it even if you rebooted or had a power cut?
How to create device files manually use mknod?
GPG - "pacman-key --refresh-keys" fails with "gpg: keyserver refresh failed: Permission denied"
Multiple instances of a module
How do you change KVM VNC port at runtime, from the command line?
Inconsistent behavior of `w` command concerning `WHAT` column
RandR with internal intel iGPU and old Trident card
Inotify to duplicate the file from a directory that has been updated
separate same line numbers from multiple files
Ignore part of the string with sed
How do I add a Windows Server shared folder to a Raspberry pi?
why is `reset` so much slower than `tput reset`?
CentOS Logins - Root UI and Single User
Count number of columns in CSV files and rename if less than 11 columns
Origin of LITE(tm) book summaries in fortune
Does a process only have one "effective group id" associated with it?
How to stop running two programs simultaneously on RPi
How do I start a rxvt instance in a certain directory without using the "-cd" startup option (probably "quotes" wrong)?
Python script to re-configure the network topology of a linux cluster
How can I fix my gnome keyring?
Why is dumpe2fs called without user interaction?
To search and replace a character in a line within a file
How can I start an LXC (linux container) X server on separate TTY?
linux java -version only works for root user
Update libinput on Linux Mint
How to change Bash to csh with username and password
Deepin 15.5 Linux Sudo and su
How does group permissions work?
Extending VG > LVM
How to use the bash shell parameter expansion for filename manipulation
Recommendations on a single dedicated app GUI for Debian
Yum transaction check errors when converting from rhel 7 to centos 7
How can I create a custom conky bar for diskio in Linux?
How to run a script on resume to restart the audio drivers?
Linux setup for intellectually impaired
How to print the difference of two text files using shell scripting?
How do I rename my TTY terminal?
Installing (html) tidy conflicts with filesystem package
Is it possible read every serial device's data?
Swap used even though most memory is "cached"?
Half-close netcat connection
How to get filenames when using find and sed
UFW: Allow traffic only from a dynamic IP on its last 2 elements
Ctrl+c and Ctrl+z to interrupt/suspend jobs
Cannot boot after last kernel update (Fedora 23)
Replace non-ASCII characters with space in a file
net.ipv4.ip_forward reverting to 0 even though set in /etc/sysctl.conf
Bold and Underline using echo with email
Script for ssh automatic login to a specific port
rsyslogd eating up 20+ GB (!) of RAM - what evidence to gather?
Debian Livestick with additional software
IP tables - how to configure connections into my compuer
On-the-fly decompression
tmux start process if not already running
iptables, allow connections from subnet A to Internet over gateway B
Mount CIFS shares as non-root on RHEL7 w/o desktop
Does "defaults" option include "acl" option in /etc/fstab?
Deny someone else to edit the file
ssh authentication and remote command output's redirection
Is it possible to have cron restart itself each day?
Change dir from script without a "shell procedure" or "sourcing the script"
Can I create a fake eth0 mapped to an existing interface?
Is there a compression method that supports solid compression and also adding data to the compressed file?
How do I change the icon for an application on the KDE panel?
My ssh key doesn't work, permissions look good
Managing Pre-Built Kernel Modules Across Kernel Versions
Deploying a package through puppet from URL
Load system from SD Card into Memory and then Boot from Memory
Files Arrangement
Fullscreen TMUX session selection
Setting usable area of the screen
CentOS - meaning of the boot screen progress bar layers/colors
hibernation and swap partitions on ssd/hdd
Please explain to me named.stats file
Need the sshd server be run in root privilege for a password-less login?
sssd realm discover: Not authorized to perform this action
Resolving Error: Running Xilinx through Wine
How to re-show this vim's welcome screen?
Check how a script was started
Using sed on files with certain extension inside shell script
Can someone please explain this error I'm getting in my script
Snapper - how to undo changes, preserving timestamps?
Why is subshell created by background control operator (&) not displayed under pstree
Auto mounting external hard drive not working
How to find the domain name of a server?
sorting a file on column 1
Change Language from Chinese to English in Cent OS 6.4?
Is SIGCHLD guaranteed to be delivered before wait() finishes?
Note number using aseqdump on my midi controller varies
Willl a file or folder be visible or detectable to other users if I set its mod to 700?
Security Implications of Xorg.wrap Access
~ in $PATH variable ignores root folder
Kate/Kwrite editor drag/drop/copy functionality gone
Embedded Linux - Constant Loop time
Issue with finding installed Steam games on Mint
Why are files missing in the first Docker exec but available in the second?
Extracting specific value from a file
`apt --fix-broken` is broken (`uim` has circular dependencies)
I am having difficulties with back-reference in awk
How to keep a process running indefinitely on ubuntu server
Break value to seperated variable
New ubuntu install need to clean second disk
Custom keyboard shortcut to focus specific application (Cinammon)
awk skip number of lines of large data file but output 10 following before skipping next number of lines
Why indexing not working for alfresco for type d:text when contents are large?
How to stop Vim from changing my directory when executing a makefile?
SpamAssassin Under Linux VPS
What aspects of Plan 9 have made their way into Unix?
Specify an alias as preferred editor in rc files (like .cvsrc)?
Export an env variable to be available at all sub shells, and possible to be modified?
Ctrl + Right and Right send same Sequence in Putty > Screen > Vim
What is the state of open-source Poulsbo/GMA 500 drivers?
How to create a dupe of a KVM/libvirt/virt-manager VM?
Sorting by date
Understand error codes in Linux
Monitor keeps turning off after 10 Minutes
screen: Move to next screen on close
Using an .ovpn file to set up a VPN on Antergos Gnome
Bash - Replacing random number between quotes
Is it possible to install mysql 5.7 on Amazon Linux AMI?
How do I access the rw "branch" (as in "aufs branch") of an overlay mount?
Touchpad unresponsive on resume from sleep on Debian 8
Debian - VirtualBox - Failed to open the X11 display!
How to add a huge file to an archive and delete it in parallel
Unable to resolve 1.2.3.4.list.dsbl.org
NFSv4 ACL failure
Python script output in the wrong directory when called from cron
Use of 'local machine's IP' in iptables rule?
Is there a way to find out SSD page size on Linux/Unix? What is "physical block" in fdisk output?
how to use lynx to "print" a web page? WYSIWYG
live USB linux on macbook pro mid 2012
mv command to move and rename set of files
Proper way of installing puttygen on Amazon Linux
Do I need to run backups with rsync as root user?
apt-get update ignoring some URLs
Swap workspace between two monitors on gnome
How is an Elastic IP address different from a static IP address?
Evolution's calendar desktop notifications fail appearing
Google Chrome illegal operation
want to copy multiple *.txt files from several directories to the same directory but rename the new file
find exec mv finds an inode (dir), changes dir's name, but returns "No such file or directory"
can't find CONFIG_CRYPTO_ABLK_HELPER option in menuconfig
How do I make xset -b work on the LXDE login screen?
What does i386 mean on macOS Mojave?
How can I invoke a custom Zsh function compiled into a digest from a Makefile?
Difference between Piping and Reading Input
find not returning expected files
Copy every 10 files from source into a target directory using cp
Kali Linux USB folder sharing
Can I configure pass to always use pinentry-curses?
How can I run only a portion of a command line in a user built shell?
Using grep for the output of a command
What does an '@' character mean in a csh script
How to sort the second column in descending order?
Utility dependence in shell
How can I run rpm and yum on RHEL?
External Hard Drive detected but not listed on fdisk or lsblk
Ignore files for zsh's completion for SVN
Checking if I can reach some ports from my computer
Appending data to a similar line using awk
Debian 9: Audio Issues
Managing partitions on Linux
Ubuntu 16.04 / 18.04 video playback lags / stutters
VBoxClient: Failed to connect to the VirtualBox kernel
How to concatenate files from different sub-directories?
Iptables - Why spammers still able to access even the IP ranges were blocked?
How to fill FAT32 file system(linux) easily? My device drive is 32GB, in which 5 GB space will be taken for OS
Apply incremental patches on ubifs volume
ksh: multiplication of variables having values with leading zeroes
grep for contents AFTER pattern in delimiter
Dual monitor problem Kali
Screen, or similar, for automatically resuming a flaky ssh connection
Mouting NTFS drive, no write access
Reorder Pipe separated fields with join between 2 fields
How to replace a plus sign with a space in sed?
sed remove line based on choice from specific field
minimal bash like line error after removing all linux-images
Linux Ubuntu 18.04 - nix nixpkgs virtualbox - channel
How can I give permissions of files to multiple groups?
zsh pattern matching: only match file names composed of specified characters
How do start a background sudo task on startup (like a daemon)?
Is MTA responsible for wrapping lines
Dependencies problem with automake
tmux set-titles doesn't work?
bash getopts, short options only, all require values, own validation
Search in evolution does not find umlaut in different encoding
Forcibly create directory hard link(s)?
Assembly files in obj-m list when building kernel modules
Oracle 11gR2 grid silent installation: error for privateinterconnects
List of files (the ones in subfolders included) older than a certain date
What is the use of adding "." (dot) in path variable?
Different output between du and ls -h on mongodb .wt file
How to "invalidate" or "flush" a range of cpu cache in powerpc architecutre?
need a help for change the root chroot /mnt/sysimage in rescue mode
Why should differentiate the five levels yum repo, what's their respective responsibilities?
Custom Commands in Linux
Why did I get the following problem with installing freeglut3-dev in the first place, and what should I have done differently?
bcp command unable to escape the black slash forward slash and special characters - \ / ä
Clementine qt default theme reset after each start
Cannot change ownership to uid 1001, gid 1001: Invalid argument
Run command when bash closes because of timeout
find complete text in a one file and replace the string in another file
Grub2 shell ls command shows nothing
PHPStorm changes group when saving file
Configuration file for Virtual Console
Sorting records by field backwards (not top to bottom)
Decrypt second encrypted LVM during headless server boot?
Why is =sys-libs/glibc-2.16's --enable-kernel is ignored on Gentoo Linux?
Debian package of Tomee plus
Debian one time setup after reboot
How can I make a keybind involving xdotool in Openbox?
How do you preserve a space in a literal expression in an array value in bash and how to trim down results from a sort command?
How to upgrade Fedora OpenVZ container over SSH?
Troubleshooting kernel panic -- next steps after analyzing `crash` dump
List all GPG/PGP keys of a local SKS key server
Use awk to find all Ports for each IP that have https open
How to reset linux centOS 6.0 keyboard shortcuts with custom changes to default one?
SSH X11 forwarding put on a different monitor
How does one determine the amount of space allocated to their command line?
How to start first command from the list printed by command 'history | grep something'
What does xargs do if it's used without any parameter?
Shell spawned backgrounded process is still hanging
How to start line with command from output of another command
Execution behaviour of cron
Memory usage on SunOS and Linux
Increase nice value for many processes
Which tftp server is running
FreeBSD and i915KMS result in black screen
"Cannot determine operating system" error
How to update a mix of packages and ports on FreeBSD
bash adds extra single quotes
I have Debian on my server. Should I use Centos or Ubuntu version of software I need to install?
Canon I sensys MF3010 driver
LFS 7.4 chapter 6.7: make: gcc: Command not found
OS X-like deadkeys behavior on Linux
shell script - echo command not printing in proper sequence
Where can I find documentation on shell script syntax for using a regex within a variable construct?
Maildir and mailutils?
Boot desktop from laptop connected by USB
How to escape spaces etc in passed variable, for system call to cp in awk
Why does find -exec du sum up differently?
Which USB distributions may fit as notebook/development/demonstration platforms?
Arch linux weird ram issues
Gnome/Nvidia driver installation fails after upgrading to Wheezy
cp directory with permissions but not recursively
Upgrade Linux Mint 17.3 to 18
loging in with 'su' command in one line
Is there a 'rc' configuration file for grep/egrep? (~/.egreprc?)
Incremental system backup and restore w/ rsync or rdiff-backup issues
Adobe Flash App based Linux Distro
Can other users view the arguments passed to a command?
What methods are used to encrypt passwords in /etc/passwd and /etc/shadow?
Why is my fstab entry for an external USB drive not working?
How to get hashed password in /etc/shadow using getpwnam()?
Vim - Get Current Directory
Need Advice: What Linux distro should I install on an old PowerPC Mac
How can I disable /proc pseudo-filesystem on a shared Linux environment?
how to make PKG_CONFIG_PATH variable to refer an installed library?
Allowing user to read only parts of NTFS filesystem
"No protocol specified" when running vim with sudo
How to make system  automatically  mount encrypted device in  Linux
installing Scilab in OpenSUSE 11.3
Wget command that returns [a list of] all webpages on a webserver
How do I configure the GNOME gdm login screen?
How to access web server running on Palm Pre from another machine?
What I can I do to make the transition to some new computer hardware safe and smooth?
Fast way to build a test file with every second listed in YYYY-mm-dd HH:MM:SS format
What happens when I open and read from /proc?
How do I configure OpenCV and Cygwin to work together?
What is the best touch screen kiosk solution?
How do I create a new file and edit it as root?
How to disable certain system calls for a given user?
ssh-agent error on ubuntu server 10.04 LTS
What does the name of the unix command apropos mean?
qmake looking for lib files named *.pc
Xen/KVM/LXC for testing packages
"w | tail" chops text at right margin (78 characters)
Why doesn't the ssh command follow RFC on URI?
ACL, ls, "permission denied" and a lot of questionmarks
Troubles with Wifi and ethernet Aspire One AO725
Start a song from a specific time in rhythmbox using command line
Why do I have to re-set env vars in tmux when I re-attach?
How to kill the (last - 1) PID with bash
Online course that covers Unix/Linux Systems programming
What is the prefered way of updating all software in a Fedora installation?
CentOS 6.4 as VirtualBox guest under Windows 8 host, fullscreen mode causes unresponsive cursor
How to realign a disk on logical volume with minimum to zero down time
So the design of client-server separation is not the bottleneck of X Window?
tmux not respecting disabled control flow
Clonezilla Grub
Remove shadows from Metacity windows
Passing a stream to a bash function
btrfs and the discard mount option on an ssd
New Terminal not works when we use su root
Real mode and loading linux kernel confusing
Is it not possible to store my local websites in my Dropbox folder?
NFS server on qemu guest
Run script for 10 times or until it meets the condition
unix shell scripting :compare 2 days values and on current day the value should not be zero
embedding zathura with xembed not working
apt-get update not working KDE neon
Why I killed apache user, but it still display?
NFS server won't start at boot/reboot on Arch Linux ARMv7
how to see the contents in the RAM when a program is executed in Linux?
No auth and no privilege in snmv3
Gnome: Possible to get each instance of an application associated with the icon which was used to start it?
access soft symlink directory's contents in bash
Find hostname of Mac OS client for NFS /etc/exports (permission denied)
Ubuntu 15.10 Network Interfaces Name
How do I access the sound device with modern libraries?
Linux exit function
Files created on a Samba share cannot be modified by the same user
Which is the best way tu run fsck.hfsplus before mounting an external disk (HFS+)?
Protecting account ssh keys from root
Major and minor numbers of a partition
mount dvd without eject after burn
Debian Jessie machines hangs at "Loading, Please wait."
How to programmatically send break signal (Magic SysRq) through serial terminal
How to generate total size of files from each unique source in bash
openSUSE Leap installation fails
cannot connect with ssh to linux after shutdown command
xautolock/ssh-add can't interact with ssh-agent if launched from .xsessionrc
What are conditions I can check for detecting error in downloading using bash?
C# compiler/IDE for Redhat Enterprise Linux 7?
How to assign a multiple line string value to a variable with indentation in a shell script?
Drop all traffic and forward traffic from one port to another with iptables
Is it possible for an old version of the application to remain on the hard drive after reinstalling from DEB?
opening multiple tabs in firefox using a one-liner bash script
uuid, device number, and device file for a device
Copy plaintext lines from file and append them to same file with mid-line prefix or remove mid-line prefix
FreeBSD Selenium PhantomJS - Can not connect to the Service
Dealing with manpage search
Error exit script from within command substitution
Kali Linux 2.0 - Startup Text has disappeared
Recover LVM (on RAID1): No volume groups found. Partition table erased?
How do I reset the folder metadata size without recreating the folder?
How do I bind the Python interpeter to a key?
Clearing linux caches without root privileges
bluetoothctl and scan and no result
How can I time a shell command n times and get some execution time distribution?
How can I get colors to work in tldr plugin?
How to distinguish reply from the terminal from user input?
trim extension of files in an array with an effiecient way
How to cat multiple lines with indentation in bash function?
Whats the meaning of ! in /etc/group?
Cannot enable TPM in the kernel
chain a series of SSH logins and process killing
Are the contents of os/x86_64/ on public mirrors the same as those of CentOS ISOs?
How to fix '[oh-my-zsh] plugin 'tldr' not found'?
Increase space in var mount point
What does "numeric" redirect mean in Linux?
Autostart listener and database when linux machine get reboot is not working
Search a pdf file and append a string to the filename
How to config cobbler, then when a VM launch, it can execute full-automatic installation?
Easiest way to get `+` indented `tree` output
Cisco Jabber for Linux?
find and replace with sed not working
using aliases in function?
Deployment systems for Linux
How get string git@... without scm:git:ssh:// and without developerConnection from pom.xml?
Script that input files starting with dash and has space in center
How to clone partitions from larger disk to smaller disk
Error adding symbols: DSO missing from command line while compiling Ogre Meshy
What option argument can I give to `cpulimit -l` when I want a process to have unlimit cpu usage?
what is chown root:root doing?
UFS2 file system in FreeBSD - reliability in case of recovering from power outages?
sed bash variable to delete a line in file
Can't permanently assign additional IP addresses to USB ethernet adapter via /etc/network/interfaces. Why?
XKB - Clearing locked modifiers
Problems installing R on Red Hat 6, requires libjpeg.so.62
Nullpointer dereference crashes on large memory allocations on ESXi with Linux guests
Bash script with "execute" command and strange regexp
umask permission - where it works, where it doesn't - ftp vs scp
Is there a way to automatically use sudo whenever I get "Permission denied"?
On boot `^[[6~` is printed
How to get systemd running correctly?
A variable in Bash that contains quotation marks and spaces
Shared libraries for GCC installed via yum on Fedora 20
request.getRemoteHost() returns IP address instead of FQDN
Make script to create subdirectories based on file name and move matching files into it
Can a single pipeline entry view the whole pipeline?
Filtering with awk between a range
Find duplicate String inside a text with middle near each other
Can we find out server/daemon and client processes from each other on the same machine?
In centos,how to switch to default gcc after switched to a higher version of gcc with devtoolset
RGB color space not permitted on grayscale
Network Manager doesnt find wireless network
Importing KDE global shortcuts defined by UUID?
Ansible command returns change instead of success
How to replace a number by its corresponding string (low/high) in bash?
After installing anaconda-2.5.3 in centos 7 , yum and gnome not working
How to change string values to index value to use in Array?
badblocks: Resource busy while trying to determine device size
Is it possible to run more than one node on a physical host without full-fat VM?
Can I just delete things from pacman cache manually?
Remove lines in file
Is it possible to modify Ubuntu 18.10 System Monitor to include GPU statistics?
What is a good command for moving a directory containing relative symbolic links to files outside the directory?
Best practice to continue mv
FTP: Jail user to Home folder
How to identify GPIO pin numbers? Is GPIO driver loaded?
Encfs recover from lost+found
Ping - big packet size problems
DWM Unicode Support
How to diagnose a slow network on Fedora 28?
Why can't a fork bomb be killed in zsh in the same way as it's killed in bash?
Is there a way to predict or count the number of page faults?
Windows Subsystem for Linux: apt update error in Kali
Lightweight application to send files via browser with http
Make a link to the file so that enviroment can find it
Could not find xcb while launching Qt applications
Single line heredocument - Possible in Bash?
Find size of file names with space and hyphen | pass file names containing space and hyphen to "du"
Adding sudo to a find command: what does it change?
I cannot compile the Slingswarm package from GitHub on Debian 8
include_vars what it actually means
How to fix unmatched number of blocks in 2 columns
How to fix LD_PRELOAD?
valid code in /etc/crontab won't be executed
Wifi Direct between linux & android
Using the grep operation for my local mail inbox
How to check integrity of squashfs files
execute commands automatically inside server at boot-time
Shell Script combining two columns from txt file to another!
Ansible - Junos
powerline error in command line
Permission denied for only a single file in a directory as root user on an ext3 filesystem under RAIDiator OS
ls -la doesn't display correct permission for a mount --bind folder
unpacking recursively all xlsx files into a new directory containing of the original files name
Set mouse focus on current screen's active window
Canonical way to simulate a file manager "open item" from the command line
Setting up kernel keyboard mapping
Is Oracle Solaris UNIX?
Why does CentOS not have an NTP drift file?
Use mogrify to resize large files while ignoring small ones
How can I read lines at a fixed speed?
Unable to install the php-posix package on CentOS 5.6
What is the 'working directory' when cron executes a job?
Argument list too long for ls
/etc/crontab permissions
How to parse fields out of a text file and write them to another file
Debian: Must pkill -9 twm and then login with twm
How can I turn ugly output into pretty, useful information?
Where are Apache file access logs stored?
Disable bold font in urxvt
Unix/Linux process scheduler logs
Unix bash script check empty gz files
Trap, ERR, and echoing the error line
Logical volume missing after reboot
On Mac OS X, how to encrypt a small folder and copy that to Google Drive or DropBox?
Emacs: query-replace, regular expression, reuse of search result
Grepping over a huge file performance
Bypass ssh password prompt from a shell script
how to make a large ISO storage on xen cloud platform (XCP) or XenServer
OSX top command shows 5 running on a quad core
How can I profile a shell script?
Can't understand this script. bash <<(curl -s http://xxx.com)
Colorized `cat` for source and script files?
Execute on the basename of a find command
How to disable laptop keyboard on plugging in a USB keyboard?
buildroot/busybox: launch bootchartd on startup
ACPI (Advanced Configuration And Power Configuration) not present on 2.6.38.8?
Create and Delete Amazon EC2 Volumes using a shell script
sed + set value inside double quotes
Hide login console when load lightdm in Debian 10 Buster
Clang++ Compiles, but doesn't run
Why does xargs seem to handle delimiters differently if -I is set
Are there downsides to setting path locations to symlinks?
Wildcard in Makefile doesn't do anything
No Internet access through Ethernet with Linux Kernel 4.14
Faillock and Email Report
yum installation error
Perform special action on bash timeout
libinput registering unintended left-click on touchpad during normal navigation and two finger scrolling
Catch 22 with user 'nobody' and AWS configure on amazonlinux docker image
Xubuntu 18.04 blank display, possible issue with intel graphics card
How do I disable the welcome message in Minicom?
In 2019, is it safe to assume that all terminals understand ANSI escape codes?
Replace < > with sed
Issues with NFS share - unable to mount
Why isn't the mouse working with DragonflyBSD in Virtualbox?
During boot my ubuntu box switches into graphic mode, but there is no window manager installed. How can I disable this?
what does the number after the permission bits mean?
Maven-compiler-version for Amazon Corretto
How to solve 'rsync' errors?
disk usage script if under 90% dont email me
ReplayGain - what editors support arbitrary editing in ID3v2 tag?
How to determine AMD chipset driver version for BIOS update
is there a way to invoke nano <filename> so it will fail if <filename> doesn't exist?
Color string in terminal in zsh
Pairing a bluetooth device across a bual boot
Why does -n appear in my bash test [[ condition debug output?
special device tmpfs does not exist
Why can't I install Debian amd64 in VirtualBox?
Copying recursively files with spaces
Home folder unintentionally exposed while using samba shares
Remove whitespace and parentheses in filenames with sed
Permission of DVD device file not being retained when machine is rebooted
In a UID namespace, can I setuid to an unmapped UID?
Remove duplicates values within a field
condition && command + exit
Remove unneeded file lock in script
How to disable a shell keyword?
Delete ghost files with special characters
Using YUM for CentALT packages
How do I install Exim and Horde on Centos 7 with MariaDB 10?
How to customize Bash command completion?
How to set special folder permission on proFTPD?
How to add a key binding to maximize/close all windows?
Changelog of deb package
How do you redirect audio output in FreeRDP?
ext4 filesystems frequently corrupting
How can I force chrooted programs to use a virtual ethernet device?
How can I use wget to create a list of URLs from an index.html?
Grep patterns in selected lines
ant command not found when running from the path othe than ant installation directory
How to disable all animations?
Tar actions not working as intended
Home and End keys in a gnuplot interactive terminal do not move cursor
Parsing arbitrary natural language dates under BSD
How does Linux verify the login password?
Why didn't I get the same result after installing the OS as when using Debian Live?
Why Would Spacing Matter in grub.conf?
Remove rows from tab delimited files based on a common column with another file
Nested loops, if conditions, and background jobs in bash
Through NM says I'm connected to a wireless network, firefox can't connect to any site
Why does sudo ignore aliases?
Providing ftp access (of selected files) to users from a hashed repository of unique files
How can I get KornShell to display the date and time in the prompt?
regarding portable sed -e... d b or ! b?
Default configuration I need to change?
Configuring DBUS to start JACK
What governs the limits of shell brace expansion?
grub error "superfluous RAID member" on update-grub
Custom X application RCNG startup script woes
How do I install an older version of GNU make using apt on Ubuntu 16.04?
Pick Values From A Oracle Select Query
Which PATH does `sudo <command>` use to search for `<command>`?
How to delete lines in file from specific position to the end of the file
How can I know which specific private key is used for 1 ssh connection?
Remotely execute commands but still have control of the host
No wifi connection on Debian 8 Gnome
SSH Not Responding
Merging two files, one column at a time
eth0 NO-CARRIER on Arch/Wired Connection Not Working
Compute Sum Of Date
How to configure internet on old linux VM
What are the linux alternatives to skype?
tmux on remote machine not getting correct prefix + arrow keys
svn command to see a tally of my changes
GNU Screen makes Vim ESC key slow
Can I make scripts use aliases instead of commands?
Is it possible in bash, to start reading a file from an arbitary byte count offset?
How do you rename root?
squid (reverse proxy) configuration
How to send mail?
Reading an Microsoft Excel File
Fixing debian installer
Remove alias from current session
Can't connect to internet in Ubuntu 10.10
russian letters in gentoo console as '?'
How can I close a terminal without killing its children (without running `screen` first)?
mv failed halfway through - is source directory intact
Is there an analog of apt-pinning in Fedora?
Alias in cygwin bash doesn't seem to run in the right order
How to cache or otherwise speed up `du` summaries?
backup MSSQL database to a client's local disk over network
I can't remove a directory tree with rm -rf
exim4 on debian: why does this ACL work when testing with -bh but not in actual use?
start-stop-daemon, services, environment variables, and ansible
How do I disable Kereberos preauthentication?
Remove characters while naming files or folders
Headphones always muted after restart
Set up xdmcp for remote desktop forcing udp v4
Question about fc-cache output
Lid Keys on ThinkPad X41t doesn't work when device is 'transformed'
Error : Package 'mongodb' has no installation candidate
How many mac addresses for a bridge?
How can I diagnose a process which has no executable file name associated with it?
Trying to run xterm on a Linux VM that I am SSH into from a Windows machine via PuTTY
error running apache2 httpd web server on computer
Linux BLE Scanning after a CTRL+C
Is it possible to customize Dconf's file storing path?
Has anyone tried to write a shell that fixes errexit (`set -e`)?
Disable metadata in Claws Mail
Why there are `/lib` and `/lib64` but only `/bin`?
For loop not working in a function with arguments
Bash (Yad) using floating point numbers instead of whole numbers
Script not working for going through directories recursively
Why does "slabtop -o" only return the first 23 lines when the command is piped?
Dell laptop won't connect to 5GHz network
How to install the newest firefox version on Debian 9?
After starting terminal always getting bash: export: "path" not a valid identifier
My window subset Linux airmon-ng not giving any detail
How do you wii-u-gc-adapter working on 64-bit debian?
why are the folders under /home/$USER/ typically uppercased when all other folders are lowercased
passwordless ssh to localhost in Ubuntu 16.04
systemctl status shows : "State: degraded"
Store secure files in a folder which requires user approval to access
`gcc-6` and Nvidia drivers on Debian Stretch
Processing text stream sections, separated by ␁
ulimit vs file-max
Why does mcedit recommend removing hardlinks when saving a file?
I need a step by step guide to build kernel modules in ChrUbuntu
how to pdfjoin landscape and portrait oriented JPEG images to one PDF file?
When you ssh into a server, do you use server settings or your own settings?
Install using synaptic ignoring dependencies
Virtual Interface Not Showing up in ifconfig?
Adding separator on top level service menu
mdadm - Accidentally ran "mdadm --create" on an existing raid-1. The superblock is now corrupt and I am unable to recover data. Did I bork my data?
How to install Ruby 1.9.3 on Arch?
What is the meaning of "\_" in output of 'ps ef'?
Tracing system call on Ubuntu 12.04
Find and copy directories containing file type
Problems with accessing files on a Sansa Clip mp3 player
How to convert grub config to use kernel device names instead of UUID
How to use better driver (nouveau) instead of generic VESA with NVIDIA Quadro NVS 140M?
Grant group A's members 'sudo su' access to group B's user accounts
How to change terminal title without changing the prompt string?
How to unlock Gnome3 screen from command line?
Bash remove all characters after pattern with awk
Can't chroot new users
Monitor all ressources use?
Preventing system "hang" caused by full physical memory use on Linux
bash regex does not recognize all groups
Do I need to worry about software compatibility at all if I use Mono and Wine?
How to loop the gawk command
How do I get 0-padded numbers in {} (brace expansion)?
nginx behind proxy server
Software reccomendation: diff based restore points
Translating with sed command
Tar incremental backup restore with one command
regexp with aptitude part 2
Hostapd hotspot not running
Bspwm: resizing windows creates visual artifacts
Display format of ls
Cinnamon Alt-Tab shortcut not picking up xkb mapping Backslash to Tab
Script to prompt for the number of users; check how many files they have in their home directory and send a list of those users to the standard output
How do I save image produced by asciiview?
Complex mouse inputs in XTerm
External network display for playing media
Kernel Panic on a Custom Kernel: Unable to get to the dump-capture kernel
In MATE, how do I get different panels per workspace?
List the files of another format while finding a certain name pattern
Delete a swap partition without user interaction
grub permission error
How to setup 2 NIC PC with a DHCP server on one NIC and LAN on the other. Ubuntu
Seems that my router accessed one of my Linux systems, what does it mean?
find the application that consuming large memory
process substitution for opening a list of files with an application
Printer sharing using Fedora
How create a temporary file in shell script?
Compare two files
Windows 8.1 not showing up in GRUB bootloader after installing Linux Mint 17.1 on partition
Gentoo Portage. What exactly 'revdep-rebuild' command does?
What's wrong in creating/printing this array?
Redirect all bash script output (from inside the script) to two files: one append, one rewrite; but discard output to the console
FreeBSD package installation offline
vim - "Press ENTER or type command to continue" right after loading only?
Unable to boot ArchLinux from LiveUSB
Hostname variable doesn't work
Unable to boot Linux Mint or Windows anymore
htop, show cpu side by side
ss is replacing netstat, how can I get it to list ports similarly to what I am used to?
Why Linux inside KVM gets busy after I put the host to suspend-to-ram?
Change of voice via ffmpeg or other application
IMAP Dovecot cannot connect
Bash escaping is confusing me
How can I block outgoing ARP traffic?
traceroute / mtr from multiple locations, How can we do it ? (Or alternate way)
Unable to delete files via FTP?
read first element in array
What port uses my backportpackage or bzr?
Can I do reverse traceroute?
Resolving IP address to get Domain Name
How to bump file timestamps by 3 months (for a directory tree)?
Find the line number which contains the pattern using custom regex delimiter
E: Sub-process /usr/bin/dpkg returned an error code (1)
Proper create user account with permissions on CentOS/Apache
Questions about whiptail and bash functions
setuid (and other) permissions lost when copying / elsewhere - what to do?
Why do I need the execute permission to upload files via SFTP?
Prefer wired over wireless for local subnet using NetworkManager
sudo host field: what is it used for?
Why is df missing 500MB of available space?
cannot execute binary file
vim issue with tab/space in multi-line abbreviations in vimrc
Is `~/Documents` a relative or an absolute path?
Appropriate 2015 distribution for a 2008 netbook?
Is it safe to strip the binaries in Linux Mint?
Command not starting on boot
dnf equivalent of "yum update --security"
Reverse AutoSSH working, but the proxied LISTEN ports fail randomly
Can't add any principals in Kerberos
Start Server remotely using SSH
How to install AMD Catalyst 15.7 (fglrx 15.20.1046) on Debian 8 (Jessie)?
Backup full drive structure, skipping one partition content
Organize entries as a spreadsheet (csv) using awk
Killing a comet zombie
Fullscreen games locks desktop after minimizing (Bumblebee+Nvidia)
Teemtalk vs OpenSSH 7.2
Shell Script to fetch linux processes and show the process count for individual user as "."
How to input Chinese Radicals with ibus Pinyin Intelligent Keyboard?
ssh through authentication requiring proxy
Which cygwin package contains ip command?
How to prevent logged SSH users to view /var/www/html/ (Apache2) directory?
Get IP address of socket used by process
how to create a new file in an immutable directory
zsh substitutions: (P) and ::= operators interaction
How to show lyrics embedded in mp3 file?
Internet slow in terminal, but it gets faster when I enable a VPN
How to change values of one column using other column's values from a different file
Getting random "cd: Too many arguments." error messages when using different commands
Why isn't /etc/hosts blocking domains after I add blocked sites via launchd?
How can I find the install data of the last security patch installed?
How to install clang 3.9 or higher using apt-get on Linux Mint?
What does "virtual_private" Openswan configuration option do under the hood?
Linux and SMB permissions not working as expected
Why is this Error "line 26: Syntax Error near unexpected token 'done'?
How do I remotely exclude subdirectories with rsync?
Can I copy a kernel changes to a new machine?
Install LXQt on Centos 7 (from EPEL)
Spooled files limited to 1GB size
`du -s .` and `du -hs .` gives different results (on OS X)
Linux kernel fault injection
Why does this USB device not autosuspend?
echo for Print output
Can I boot with a secure USB key
"network places" setup on two headless LAN servers
Disabling antialiasing for Proggy Clean fonts in GNOME shell 3.10.4
Can I connect to a hidden wifi without knowing the ESSID?
How install g++ 4.9 on debian stretch
Unusually large favicon generated by ImageMagick
iwlwifi: Failed to start INIT ucode: -110
Since upgrade from OpenSuse 42.1 to 42.2, raid5 resync upon every reboot
Centos-7 install hangs at microcode-ctl package
How to use rsync? : Large projects backups via NFS share
Why is that `ncal -CM` doesn't work but `ncal -MC` does?
How do I fix wget on an HTTP url not trusted errors in kali?
Why doesn't find command find the directory when run from ~?
bash: Is the duration between two timestamps more than one hour?
How to import keys from a keyserver using gpg in debian?
Can mutt automatically sign emails that it encrypts?
xsel and xclip hang
Is there a way to have past logs for 1-2 years in dpkg?
what can cause a ftp file upload to fail in a working ftp setup?
Return word before a matched word using sed
Debian fails to boot properly unless the Guest Additions CD is inserted
How can I change the screen resolution?
rsync - include top level file and exclude directories
append files base on a list
Getting certain file types and check for a certain word within the results
I need to delete . in my data
What is this mysterious process named "proc" in my processes listing
Why is GPT recommended for UEFI
How can I pass an argument in a shell script without quotes?
How to search for a newline that is not preceeded by } and remove it
How do I modify the smartctl scan list on ubuntu?
Mint 19 package install and update error message for minecraft-installer
Why is pidof not working?
setting up davfs2 to mount properly
Echoed escape sequences doesn't interpreted in Linux tty
How to boot into existing Ubuntu drive on a new computer?
KEEP backlight off + LCD on with cursor/keyboard input
Size of a folder with du
Bash - print first line of textfile (csv) bold
Why dd speed decrease significantly after fallocate once
Change default editor to vim for _ sudo systemctl edit [unit-file] _
Distinguishing levels in journalctl
Debian not using the whole monitor in All-In-One PC
need to configure a static ip using nmcli but can't see how
Unknown processes eat up a lot of disk space
Trying to install debian package npm, makes apt-get to remove libssl-dev
Fetch repository data parallel
How to speed up dd on macOS High Sierra?
Mysql CLI - continue execution even if the operation failed
Granting service specific capabilities
Error 502 bad gateway
Remove everything from a text file between ":" and "\n"
CentOS 6.9 brightness change don't work
How can I get my framebuffer console working?
Cannot delete default gateway, when docker container is running
Heredocument indented inside a function fails on execution
How to change gtk button-layout in KDE?
How to break a grep regex search pattern
Where is the default repeat rate for xset stored?
How to install debian9 with ppp-udeb?
update-grub brings back manually removed menu entries
Get all accessed dates from a file
Cannot locate zlib or pcre location after install
How to get user in systemd unit who caused an event
LXDE plugin directory
imake on fedora 25 doesn't work
Variable value gets printed with heredoc execution
Ambiguously named executables
Openldap backup restore
Free gnu/linux distribution for web server
Removing Clock screenlet in Linux Mint
difference between non-builtin 'test' and '['
Setting up network cards on FreeBSD
Can't uninstall vim
Launch a GUI browser on server without a GUI?
Chaining mysqldumps commands to output a single gzipped file
Why is sed giving me an error about an unterminated `s'?
System call tracing
Different "history" command output after reconnecting via SSH
centos httpd.conf set different ip for a directory
Anti Aliased Fonts with NoMachine NX
SSH screen (CentOS) crashes
Does delimiter parameter on cut command, always expects it to be in between a string?
Specify the sort order with LC_COLLATE so lowercase is before uppercase
Checking if passwordless ssh authentication is possible without permission for sshd_config
How to write dconf overrides for site-custom keybindings?
How does X-server calculate DPI?
Can bash case statements cascade?
copy sas file from prior version directory to new version directory
Does fail2ban offer any additional protection to SSH if password login is already turned off?
sort part of a file
Adding a user to a group by default
Vim syntax highlight length-delimited fields
Keep same file owner for newly created files
Running Ubuntu of a USB stick. Can't install wireless driver
Clearing/modifying previous libnotify notifications?
why am I able to delete file which belongs to `root` under a non-root user?
Why is make unavailable on the default Gentoo liveCD?
Can I use partitions made by Windows 7 in Linux?
User systemd PulseAudio service
Can't access GPIOs when switching to systemd, but why?
'script' session logging makes me exit twice
virtualbox mail server postfix+dovecot
interface bonding OpenSuse 10.2
setxkbmap il and then setxkbmap us: How to switch back keyboad layout to English after changing keyboard layout to some other language
Where the remaining memory of vm.overcommit_ratio goes?
How to delete the slash using REGEX
Why I cannot modify system-auth-rc
How to disable su for group by using pam_succeed_if?
Add vi on Busybox which is trimmed down
find string and print first and last characters of line
javavm initial and max heapsize set to the same huge value
Split DVD iso of TV series into episodes
How to check if port is open and unused?
What decides where core dump files are created?
Port forwarding openvpn server to client
How can I use command expansion on `\{\}` in `find -exec`?
Why does a for-loop not require explicitly specifying the set of values of the loop variable?
Search for Emacs when using Alpine Linux
remove dots from value
Text filtering from configuration file
RHEL 8 Beta unable to install under KVM
how to add words before line on all the scripts in current folder
Is there a way to prevent root user from modifing kernel and boot loader?
Is there an open source alternative to UEFI's Secure Boot?
Forward/Redirect email fetched via fetchmail to gmail
How to disable loopback with alsamixer?
How does one "nice" a PID via htop after the process has begun?
sqlcmd does not work: Can't open lib libmsodbcsql.13.dylib
AltGr doesn't work in Linux console
Is there a common way to provision network profiles?
Convert a localised date string string to epoch
The Hosting History OS is unknown in the www.netcraft.com
Command that may return error code in .bashrc
Not able to login to as any user to a remote linux server after editing sshd_config file and adding a specific user in AllowUsers in SuseLinux
Terminal - Zip multiple directories into separate zip files with password
Adjusting gamma in VirtualBox guest (debian)
as root cannot remove file under /tmp operation not permitted
Is there a terminal command that navigates to the deepest sub-directory in a directory?
Replace iwgetid with iw
Password is denied under certain circumstances
Port 81 for http is redirecting to 80
How to monitor a service using monit for cpu % metrics.?
How to check if given server is DNS server or Not?
Emulate tee with cat + redirections
DeaDBeeF progressbar for conky (cipricus code)
SELinux User Role Gotchas
How to save psql error message output in bash variable?
Print youtube video id to file from mpv stdout
dnsmasq stops after auto-starting after OS upgrade
Update the values of a file using information from another file
Install libnotify development package
Why some dockers use docker network instead of the link parameter?
Split a sting field into an array in jq?
How can I bind poweroff with git push?
Add text to end of the filename but before extension
Can you add entries to fstab with a GUI in ubuntu?
How to connect to wifi in CentOS 7(CLI)(no GUI)?
How to execute " ls " command in the chroot?
merging /var/lib/smartmontools/drivedb/drivedb possible?
Apache showing html folder instead of my index page on Debian
Relationship between ldconfig and ld.so.cache
Using udev rules to let everyone set ip address to a network interface
Installing without booting
How to setup playing system audio into teamspeak
Squashfs minimal compression?
Ubuntu Server: How to make bootable bios_grub RAID device?
Unable to establish an SSH tunnel using Redis Desktop Manager
How to Install RoundCube on Debian for Virtual Users?
grep for numbers over 10
How to make FreeCAD utilize multiple cores?
Why are .so packages provided by the devel packages?
`stat -f` show a ext4 file system type as ext2/ext3
How can I get information about my acceleration method?
What happends when sending SIGKILL to a Zombie Process in Linux?
Is there a reference for the assembler-like output produced by `awk -W dump`?
Autostarting .desktop application at startup not working
Reliable Key Swap on Faulty Keyboard
How to increase the root partition in embedded Linux with fdisk and resize2fs when root partition is in between two important partition
Permanent Fix to Unknown Filesystem Error and GrUB Rescue
scp permission denied for single file
Find driver used for backlight control
Configuring no_proxy on centOS
Monitoring page cache / memory mapped files access
How to update npm to latest version on Fedora
ls listing directory argument does not work as per expected
Linux Mint 18.3 XFCE Open File Dialog specify file/folder path via Textbox by default instead of GUI
IPTABLES: issue with impacting traffic to a subnet using --destination flag
sed - delete all digits in front of each instance of a dot
One liner required to get last working day for previous month
IPtables related usage
Time of Last Power Cycle
Parrot Linux boots to black screen with blinking underscore: Can get shell with ctrl + alt + F1
Network device name separators
creating alias in bashrc in wsl
pip upgrade messed up python installation
Why does Kate replace spaces in filename with "%20", thus preventing opening it?
How can I prevent yum update from creating config files?
SSH and X11 forwarding strangeness
Remove all but latest version - no timestamp
Can I differientiate between two processes with the same name?
How to create a shortcut in xfce for "Run Program ..."
date: invalid date -d for string in another time zone
Is there any case in which the `cd .` (single dot) command could be useful?
How do I correctly map UIDs on NFS servers across multiple domains?
Systemtap causes a segfault, why?
How to run gsettings or "nohup nm-applet &" as normal user in a script started with sudo?
Zip the contents of a folder without including the folder itself
Remove all files recursively without deleting directories
drbd can't start resync
Resizing Whiptail to full terminal screen
If I install linux to a USB thumb drive, would it become a live USB?
Fn key results in slashes rather than brightness, etc
How to unmask an IP with iptables?
Looking for effective alternative to ssh-copy-id which fails if you do not have the private part of the key?
Initialise USB devices before hard disks during grub2 boot
Can a systemd dependency be applied only to a unit's "ExecStart" action?
Remote terminal application
Installing chromium-browser on Debian Wheezy Depends: chromium (>= 10) but it is not installable
“Disk space full” - Linux Mint as Dual Boot on UEFI Windows
How is This Symbolic Link Not Being Followed?
ps output / pipeline execution order
How to check easily the munin alert-email-notification?
Can't connect to a server via SSH (with my PC only)
Install libapache2-mod-fastcgi on Cubietruck (Debian 7.8)
Wildcards: how do I list files ending in `.txt` only without using the dot character?
Best way to free disk space from deleted files that are held open
Where is pithos installed?
Reliable method to determine system language in OS X
Display package.mask info gentoo
Faillog command on CentOS7
iptables, differentiate ports based on hostname
Samba: Only works after manual restart
How to disable vcstime
Why is bash confusing this HEREDOC limit string as a command?
How to copy contents of a (large) vim file to the OSX system clipboard to paste in other apps?
How can I list files by class/indicator (as in ls --classify) then by name?
Assign regular expression as character for a variable
How to know perfect filesystem parameters for flash drive format
Drop all ICMP packets?
Shortcut for line continuation (escaped newline) action
Can't uninstall ruby gem Vagrant to install Vagrant via RPM
Can an LVM Dynamically Allocate Reserved Space to its Volumes?
Changing iptables NAT rules on the fly
Tar --absolute-names flag does not work
How to monitor the Pacemaker cluster using a script?
Two versions of python 2.x installed on the same system
How to fetch semaphores and sharedmem objects for a specific apache instance when more than one apache instances run with the same app id on the box
What is the IP address of my local interface that is required by IP_ADD_MEMBERSHIP?
Unable to create a proper PEM for Redis Desktop Manager
how to parse specific values from multiple JSON objects into csv using jq
Can zargs run aliases?
How can i copy files from any usb stick to user's home directory using terminal commanld line?
Restrict time of day for anacron jobs in Linux Mint
tor installation
Git: keep color of git stash list --pretty=<..> through a pipe
How to cat and read white spaces from file
What is the bin user for?
How to namespace the ps command?
Does the existence of a writable regular file with the same name prevent producing a core dump file?
Debian: cannot remove symlink in /sys/: operation not permitted
What is the highest level of indentation today and has ever merged into the Linux Kernel?
How to switch first name with last name in this situation?
Debian: installed application via flatpak, runs from search bar, missing from cmd line
How is memory corruption handled by Linux when the process terminates?
Arch linux + I3 + URXVT: ROFI opens nano editor in bash instead of URXVT
Remove shortcuts to switch virtual terminals on Linux
Capturing the user input without requiring "Enter"
Control backlight as a user (without xbacklight)
Mount user-specific Samba shares using cifs
Tar: Extract only files (not sub-directories)
Use Lynx to download the source of the page I'm currently on
Simultaneous wlan0 & wlan1 access points (via hostapd)
Change tmux window title dynamically to last line of command output
kernel eats memory, but never release
Umask to make default permission 750
Link 2 existing files
LXC NAT forward host port to container
Xinetd: End connection from server script
Cannot install package: kernel missing Linux support
Cannot interrupt mpg123 when using an audio output buffer (--buffer)
Prevent a plus sign from being appended to Linux build
Where are past stdouts stored?
How to start mutter as a xsession?
set date time from user input in shell
How to debug a bash script in a qemu-arm chroot
How to readout unused serial pins (RTS, CTS, etc.)?
Transferring executable files from Windows to Linux via WinSCP
docker compose create containers without starting them
Script not running! Also how to attach timestamp in mail?
How to disable autoconf feature of IPv6 usinf interfaces file?
Script to duplicate Debian setup?
How to use this script
Using More/Less over NFS share to view large files
Trying to find the index of an entry in a list
How to sort a file based on a section of a field
Using find in Solaris 10 to search a single directory but not its subdirectories
List superuser processes
Mount iSCSI ext2 Linux Partition on FreeBSD 10.2
How to run a 2 script with one in background followed by other
SSH/SCP Connection problem | Lost connection
vlookup work in awk on linux
TCSH: I want to display command output and redirect to a file
configure: error: "could not find the zlib libaray." in Bash
Rollback all apt-get packages to the maximum available under the actual sources.list
Manjaro Update fails: signature is unknown trust
Is there a simple way of determining which executable is being invoked by a given command when which is not available?
Error on Ssh server in Debian 10 Buster
Using a Yubikey setup on Windows on Arch Linux (Manjaro)
denyhosts doesn't block attacking hosts
sysctl changes persist after removing conf file and reboot
inplace file replacement for nth pattern match
memory swapping and cgroup
To shred recursively, sorting alphanumerically
Run cd command with superuser priviledges
Counter of unique files in a directory
systemd: forking process immediately calls execStop
Search for lines that do not have certain characters in a row
command stdout to /dev/null
Stuck at chapter 6.7 of lfs
Ubuntu Corrupts BIOS on Ryzen 3000 Machine
centos problem while typing
"Permission denied" for a custom content filter in Postfix
Not able to run shell script using ssh
How to gpg --gen-key without using gpg-agent to wrap a passphrase?
How to make sure /etc/network/interfaces will bring the interface up?
Mail Service --status-all with Grep - Command Not Found
at some time from now do something (and maybe also show result in console)
Setting up a kerberized HA NFS share
How to add the output of wc -l at the end of each line in csv files using awk or sed
CentOS - OpenCV installation error on 73% make in perf
Xorg and KDE fail to start after upgrade
Does ruid and suid and rgid and sgid have anything to do with permissions?
What is wrong with this xargs command?
How to set a persistent $PATH variable for single or all users
using find, sed, and xargs to fix filenames from data recovery on a mac
systemd custom service: Failed at step EXEC spawning ... Permission denied
Is there a simple Python webserver that can be compiled?
How can I safely write a disk image to a memory card?
Print a message a given number of times, right after system boot (init) in a GUI-less system
How to install ffmpeg in Linux Mint Rosa using aptitude?
Why is dd using direct slower writing to disk than to a file
The amount of time since the system was last booted
LFSH ... what is '/lib/init' for?
Why can't I modify OpenBSD securelevel?
How to format history file to contain username too?
KDE-dolphin trashcan on second HDD
Bash script to adjust brightness when battery unplugged
CP: max source files number arguments for copy utility
How can I make ssh ignore .ssh/config?
Permanently enable scl for RHEL6 RedHat
Need to Zoom in permanently
Installing Citrix receiver on 64bit Debian Wheezy
java add to the path
Problem with log in after change locale, maybe relate to PAM
Arch-Linux: no boot messages
Expanding comma-separated list into separate lines
launch x11vnc on bootup
"Unable to connect to X server" after TTY login
Getting message "Error trying to open /dev/dvd exclusively" at the end of a DVD burning process when using growisofs
Which Linux can I install from Windows? (but not Ubuntu)
Trying to form group with two users
difference between /var/www and /usr/local
Is there something wrong with df output?
Exit status on core dump
Multiple terminals at once without an X server
How many commands can be queued up with control operators?
Find a directory created today
Is this a correct way to back up one big drive to two smaller ones?
Copy a file from a remote server to windows home using scp
What are some preferred methods to efficiently edit files on a remote Unix server?
why is EXPORT PS1 in my .profile getting clobbered?
kgdb fail to start
MySQL update failed (debian)
Restrict all FTP Accounts to a single directory
Undo a mass rename of files in a directory?
Grep all strings from several binary files into one txt file
GTK+ themes on Arch GNOME
How to set up the numer of columns on a justified paragraph in nano
How to search for <td>n in vim?
iptables - why do I get "Table does not exist (do you need to insmod?)"
How to quickly search and navigate to the particular sub directory?
wpa_supplicant unable to set essid and other parameters from config file
Virtualbox and telnet
Bash exit from subcommand
USB Audio detected by ALSA but not JACK?
txt file to zip file
How to detect and remove newline character within a column in a csv file?
How can I use Linux as a Gateway?
Symlinks to directories not rendering properly through Samba
Installing mysql with mysql-apt-config: missing keys
Script - Cutting various lines and sort them
How do I create a new user and a new file in its directory?
Making DNS permanent in Docker's containers
Postfix: Remove the software name in the email header
Linux + how to know which CPU Cores was active last day
Installation messed up my bios
awk (mawk): regular expression compile failed (missing operand)
Assign IP range in centOS 7 to network interface
Swap memory, and when the OS starts using it
Unable to SSH to OSGI Runtime - Getting Connection Closed By 127.0.0.1 Error
RHEL 7.4 - moreutils dependency on perl IPC::Run
problem re-loading index from filebeat in elasticsearch
How to install php7.2 on Debian?
If Else, Awk NR: How to remove a section header of table where there are no entries
dwm. How to switch between last two windows?
How to make changes to pam config such that further execution of authconfig will not overwrite them?
SELinux - How to avoid it preventing a process from write access on newly created files into folder
How to update data of a field in an oracle table?
How do recommends and suggests interact with apt-get dist-upgrade and apt-get autoremove?
How do I use equal sign on chfn command?
Dropping DNS connection via iptables for testing
How to create a ZFS zpool that GRUB can read
Interpolate within single quotes
RHEL 6 Partition Size
$ find -exec cd => gives error: => find: ‘cd’: No such file or directory
Send an image in the body of the mail using any of the mail utilities in Linux
killing tunnels for a user connected with ssh -N
Script to SSH to multiple Linux Server and execute a find command
Ethernet only works when PC booted with cable plugged in
add a new line to a delimited file
who controls a linux service?
Can I update eglibc to a non-vulnerable version using Debian Squeeze 6 on x86_64 architecture?
How to make MTP work
apt-get failed to find any updates for Debian squeeze
Capture in shell variables the arguments after a command (between brackets)
Lost Win7 boot after installing UBUNTU Vivid
Open UDP Ports; Can I Close Them?
how to install the virtual-box on Linux Mint 17?
FreeBSD: Restart one service each time another restarts
Crontabbed shell script not able to create/write to a file
Laptop doesn't detect my wifi signal
Find unique files between two directories (recursively)
Permission of file keeps changing back
How do I install htmldoc via cygwin?
sed: read whole file into pattern space without failing on single-line input
Gentoo: No package `glib-2.0` found
tcpreplay output to STDOUT?
convert *.po file to *.pot
File limits getrlimit(RLIMIT_NOFILE) failed
Arch: libGL: screen 0 does not appear to be DRI3 capable
Want to install windows software in Linux Mint 16 Cinnamon
HTTPS Redirecting to Subdomain
VPS freezes every few days (rcu_sched_state detected stall on CPU x)
Display all the dates in week numbers in UNIX
Why are ifconfig's rx/tx bytes reset?
mailx change the direction of the mail
How to find out the escape sequence my keyboards sends to terminal?
Locked out of server with SSH - anything I can do?
Why does Ctrl-D (EOF) exit the shell?
Can I force Linux to boot its initializations parallel?
Can I copy a folder with a progress bar?
How to put current line at top/center/bottom of screen in vim?
Can't apply chmod to a file
Keeping xterm terminal alive on crunchbang linux debian wheezy
How do I install libXcursor.so.1 on Debian?
netcat from ubuntu
How to rename file to .. (dot dot)?
How can I automatically interrupt what I'm doing to input something?
Standard Terminal Font Aspect Ratio
How do you get fgrep to find the literal "--help"?
building pidgin-otr-4.0.0 on CentOS 7: can't find pidgin and purple
Is a ? treated in a special way in parameter expansion?
How to capture data transferred on a PTY?
In emacs term-mode, what is char-mode and line-mode? How do they differ?
difference between df -h and dfc
Compare file size of multiple files in an array
Run a script on multiple shells?
RPM "ghost" directive equivalent in debian packaging?
Partition offset at 63 or 64?
prevent filesystem access while passing information to and from programs
Why do I get "Permission denied" when redirecting the output of sudo echo "xyz" to a file?
Problem with regular expression in gawk ('\<' not working)
Mouse pointer moves on its own
FFmpeg - Split video multiple parts
Alternative for jq in debian wheezy to parse json in bash
Home folder with Windows + Mint dual boot
What standard shell command can evaluate escaped Unicode in a stream?
Why should I get linux?
Proper way to use repository-packages
Is this Worth Converting to LVM and Separate /home mount?
POSIX-compliant recursive grep with no errors for inaccessible directories
Cp files into subdirectory with find -exec
Add disks to encrypted LVM partition
When I extract a zip file on my hosted server the permissions are different than my own server. How do I simulate the extraction on my hosted server?
How to add line numbers in every line using shell command?
Kde Konsole swallows Shift-Left and Shift-Right
Stability of linux
Why can't tree fully list /sys/class/hwmon? And how could I do that?
KDE on LTS 18.04 - Cannot Upgrade or 'sudo apt --fix-broken install'
Linux Mint: Sorry, the application "Global Application Menu" has stopped unexpectedly
Xorg xorgxrdp update
I can't connect my Android Devices to my Wifi Hotspot in Linux Mint LMDE 3
program/application or script that reads /etc/hosts
Thunderbird: How to transfer CalDAV/CardDAV Connections from one Machine to another?
The standard mechanism to switch GPUs isn't undocumented, is it?
Variable inside a curl Array
Awk or Sed: If pattern is found: delete line && export variable
rsync keeps previous partial file when resuming
Maitreya 7 error: linked to "config directory /usr/share/maitreya6/"
Atomic Fedora failed to parse kernel config
Bash Conditional String and Integer together
After unlocking light-locker, screen remains blank proportional to how long it's been locked
Why is my script not executed when waking up from systemd suspension?
Find in command substitution: Empty result inside while, result in command line
How to rename a file to have the same name and extension as another file in same directory
How do I determine the make & model of my storage devices?
How is the octal 2-byte output calculated from od
Is it possible to find the path of a running program?
How can I use OverlayFS to "combine" multiple storage into one? Is this possible?
Create persistent array in bash
Difference between writing file from /dev/zero and truncate
auto mount by service + service not mount the folder automatically
Dual boot Mac OS with Kali using refind instead of grub
Assigning a IPTABLES custom chain to the OUTPUT chain
Trim trailing zeroes off a number extracted by jq
Pbcopy acts as Pbpaste when symlinked
Can pssh execute command on the control machine?
Deleted /lib/modules/<kernel version> by mistake. How to recover?
Why is checkinstall freezing when I try to run "make install" for Ruby 2.5.5?
Apache doesn't serve files
Can we create Arch Linux packages from Debian packages securely?
selinux restorecon on systems without selinux like ubuntu
Can I provide sshd server service to foreign in the rescue mode?
How can i use my find in an if else statement to find duplicate files?
No Fingerprint Button in Ubuntu 19.04
Using sed in alternate line
What is the size of the x86_64 linux kernel page?
How to stop KDE "THE PANEL ONLY"?
grub rescue> ls only get (hd0, hd1)
Why does apt-cache rdepends --installed list uninstalled packages?
Problem with Workbench
Understanding bash outputs when backgrounded jobs are not found
Is there a setting in KDE to completely ignore mouse events for inactive windows?
Rsnapshot RW as root, RO for everyone else
Remove power / shutdown button from Cinnamon menu for standard users
Using sed within a makefile
Quick USB pendrive formatting under KDE
How to customize logout options under Kubuntu
How to properly configure GRUB settings from KDE System Settings
change prompt formatting based on cwd
Cent OS 6.4 UEFI Dual boot
Making less print to stdout if an entire file can be displayed on one screen
Bizarre Disk Use Problem
Making less's follow option show line movement
DHCP configuration for iPXE
Studio 12.3: language optional software package not installed
sed couldn't flush stdout no space left on device?
Querying an overlayfs
keyserver timed out when trying to add a GPG public key
Can I allow users to chmod a file not owned by them?
Emacs : Ctrl+space (set mark) insert only a space in Konsole
Use of .. in Linux scripting and makefiles
Opera, Firefox has no kiosk option like Chrome gives it openly?
Bash remote autocompletion : change the 'starting' directory
How to run xfce-terminal with different commands per tab and keep using the tabs after the commands have returned?
Are FIFO, pipe & Unix domain socket the same thing in Linux kernel?
Possible sftp connection behind a router that is impossible to open any public ports except some standart ports like http?
Is there a general command to see what shell is running?
Setting a network hostname doesn't work
Gimp core dumped
How to set up a blacklist for insmod?
vsftpd virtual user read permissions
Linux distro for a developer
Should I use useradd or adduser?
Mutt doesn't ask to purge deleted emails
Why can't cat the file?
Linux kernel boot: uninitialized urandom read (16 bytes read)
Check if /dev/urandom has been properly seeded in Linux
Is there a way to cancel unshare(2)?
using cd command and few other commands after ssh
Network and Memory Statistics
Make X11 source my ~/.Xkbmap
how to find by change date in meta data
Using iptables '-m limit' in the opposite direction
Why is my grep + regex not working?
Convert image with imagemagick command line convert tool
tail -f, but with line numbers
How do I use cut to separate by multiple whitespace?
File containing ext filesystem
Laptop wifi connectivity dependent on other devices being connected (RaspPi Access Point)
How to highlight some text on a man page?
Can "grub-emu" make any changes to my system?
sh script will not execute as root (cron)
Why curl -O -C on mac fails to download
Which is the safest way to get root privileges: sudo, su or login?
What client for DECwindows?
Using the system date / time in a Cron Script
Relaunch application once finished
What's the difference between "export" and "setenv"?
Recommend a Linux Distribution for my use
Getting PHP to work with apache to run .php files through browser
How can I play a sound when script execution is ready?
programmatically creating a remote directory using ssh
how to use secured port using ssh
Script that keep reading a stream
How can I cut a large file in place?
Installing individual packages from Solaris .iso
How do I add a new user to an embedded Linux system by hand?
removing startup item from com.apple.launchd
Convert SVG to PDF in python
gunzip multiple compressed files to another directory without deleting the .gz files
What stuff can be safely removed for disk space sake?
POSIX head and tail not feature equivalent
Where is the environment string actual stored?
privoxy show client ip when sending mail
Executing commands with PHP: using normal user, but its home directory is /root
How to only substitute lines that match several patterns in sed?
Tab completion doesn't work for arguments when command is an alias
Debian Live 3.x with encrypted root filesystem
Ubuntu filesystem buffers/cache always empty
Debian based Raspberry – samba invisible unless I restart
Fork vs. thread system time
Installing Minor Software Updates
privoxy unable to take any additional connections
Give default write permission to group to any newly created files and folders
sed how to substitute when string has "http://" in it?
How are Gnome shell extensions supposed to be managed?
Yum Check Available Package Updates
UART0 Access in AM1808 using Embedded Linux
Trouble with dbus and systemd/user
Update different dropbox instances
How to escape a single quote?
Unable to Boot into F17
Renamed network interfaces
Modify ulimit (open files) of a specific process
X11 forwarding an OpenGL application from a machine running an NVIDIA card to a machine with an AMD card
Text editor with indented word wrapping
Replace certain strings with value from former line
How do find the LDAP connection details that the Solaris box uses to authenticate users?
How to install Debian package with file extension .deb
How to move a directory, file by file? (instead of "copy then remove")
Browse LDAP strcuture using Solaris pre-packaged command?
Espeak showing some warnings and Input output error
udev rule not working
Weird behavior when sourcing .zshrc
How to lock-down input on a Linux machine?
DNSCrypt doesn't seem to encrypt queries
Can hyperlink clicks be automated in Evolution and how
Master volume keeps changing, how can I find out what causes this?
Libreoffice Writer - Can we have sections which don't move?
How to get list of touched files between 2 points of time?
NAT configuration for EIP (Elastic IP) in Asterisk
How to set use tor DNS as the default DNS?
Difference between ~ and ! in unix shell scripting
How to migrate to LVM?
APT-Pinning Kernel
/dev/root on CentOS7 is almost full?
systemd: stop boot process on failure (actually make a shutdown)
rootfs.ubi doesn't allow login to shell
Build a sitemap from local PHP forum pages
Copy a lot of files recursively leads to a heat problem on my external hard drive
Remove lines between 2 tags (with some constraints)
ps command not working properly?
How to extract IP and URL from a log file
CentOS not starting after environment change
how to change contents of one column in a file?
evaluating dual blocking commands in a bash condition statement
Writing output of command to variable
Error opening eclipse in archlinux
Is getopts always available for Bash?
Keyboard shortcut to show all workspaces in Gnome
Is it possible to run GDrive with Bourne Shell or Almquist shell (sh or ash) on xiaomi smart ip camera?
Terminal doesn't wrap properly
TP-LINK TL823N Fail to Start in Kali Linux
Granting one user access to multiple users' folders but limiting those users to their own home directory
What would be the IP if not mentioned in hostfile
Command that indents lines of a C source file
Booting with acpi_osi=Linux fixes fan control but breaks brightness keys
Equivalent of subinacl.exe on linux / unix?
CentOS 7 - Can't mount /var/tmp as bind
Best way to browse different versions of a backup of a directory
Cron job not logging?
Is there an easy way to do the equivalent of `sed ...` replacing the same line with multiple values?
How to move files on remote CIFS share into different remote folder using e.g. smbclient
Read lines from a file into a variable
How can I autoload xkb customisations in GNOME?
Unable to create hotspot using Gnome/Debian
Compiling VDO for use on Debian
jessie: wake-on-lan -> ok; stretch: wake-on-lan -> broken
Need a specific image viewer
Replace all items that are not belong to characters and numbers by ' '
Debian Stretch VM becomes quasi-unresponsive every few days
Installing Manjaro on my ASUS TUF GAMING FX504 SERIES
What are the holes in files created with fallocate?
Output non-ascii characters through wall command
Suckless utilities give XOpenIM failed error
How to restart ssh-agent without relogin
GPG pinentry, how to show requestor
Locating Drivers for Intel AX200 Wireless on 5.1 Kernel
wol: MagicPacket received; machine not waking up
Unable to login to Fedora 28 system
How to use parted or sfdisk to non-interactively partition a disk so that the partitions are properly aligned?
Is it possible to use the -A paramter on a grep command to print every other line?
xorg multi-GPU - no keyboard input on second screen
how to know the geometry of a window, while resizing?
Is it needed to specify a systemd unit both on "Wants=" and "After=" lines or is "After=" enough?
How to access the list of saved networks in OpenWRT
How to make a full bash script that compares the shadow and the passwd file?
UsbFlashDrive.getLabel meaning
Create Passwordless SSH login without exectuting SSH-KEYGEN on Client?
gnuplot - line 0: unexpected or unrecognized token
How to install Debian 9 build-essential offline if standard system utilities weren't installed and there is no c compiler in $PATH
Unload running kernel module
How to determine the runtime dependencies of gcc-arm-none-eabi?
Strange disk usage on Debian 9
OpenVPN configuration
how to use openssl random key in bash script?
How to add a new column in between existing columns?
space isn't release after removal
i3 screen black after opening lid on laptop
DDRescue taking months but no errors?
Unable to update kali linux from regular source repositories
rpm build based on os
Why do I get the message set no match when I run this script?
CUPS Error Printer is not Responding
Can't fix my boot partition -- can I restore Ubuntu from a copy (not properly imaged) of my partition?
Identify all files having no permission for others using find command
Remove numbers from filenames
Interface and alias up at the same time
System Management Mode in embedded systems
ssh command unexpectedly continues on other system after ssh terminates
Player or plugin that can transcribe audio to real time subtitles
Does Firefox automatic update in Linux abuse root privileges?
Fedora currently missing the latest version of git
Analysing crash dump
How to periodically watch a file from a list of files
Why does ping resolve to a different address than traceroute? and lynx?
How to initialize variables for a script
extra space in sed output which impact other script
search for string and return a specific column from file
Select lines of file 1 where field of file 2 > x
serverless update check failed error
How to ignore directories using :e in vim?
squid with urlpath_regex not working with https
Can't get polybar to display certain modules, when using xrandr --same-as function
Parrallel ongoing for each file loop?
Pacman complains "database 'core' does not exist"
gparted not detecting USB drive partitions in Fedora 27 only
Loop through file tree and change permissions selectively
systemd: how to redirect stdout to logfile
How to serialize command execution on linux?
Displaying formatted load average
Why `journalctl --list-boots` doesn't match what `uptime` and `who -b` report?
.bash_completion file in $HOME prevents logging in
How to show console while running a script?
Understanding apt list output
What is "the Debian way" to switch the generic Linux kernel to a linux-hardened kernel?
What might cause the file system to go read only under vmware workstation?
Fedora 17: plugged in iphone, but nothing happens
Is there any other way to use tail -f for grep -q && operation?
Find out exact CPU model, Mainboard, RAM / server model?
How to achieve fast user switching with multiple graphics adapters, prevent virtual terminal switch?
Using UTF-8 chars with `write` message program
execute bit on directories, but not files
Alternatives to xmove, xpra
How to create a custom region in gnome3?
What is wrong with my JDK installation?
How can I tell what memory RAM address range is being used by uboot?
In emacs (or other editor) how to display the byte offset of the cursor?
How to install wine-1.4 in the sid repo?
Where is CONFIG_APM in kernel - 2.6.38.8
What is the difference between `terminator -e ranger` and ranger from terminal?
How to replace a string with a string containing slash with sed?
How to find all disks & their size before using them?
Restricting sound control
Best way to continue stopped move (mv) by merging directories?
How to enable and disable X11 outside of init
Forget a hashed executable location in bash interactive shell
Can someone change content of a file with permission 777 on a server?
How do I make ls sort underscore characters first?
How can I add an alias for my pwd to an existing file?
find command for the newest 500 files in a directory tree and also be POSIX compliant
How can I programmatically add entries to Bash history and have timestamps work properly?
Check for failure of piped command
Pipe Named Fifo
Networking fundamentals: what IP is assigned a NIC if there is no successful DHCP negotiation?
Verify file permissions
Manjaro Laptop suddenly won't boot Xfce desktop environment. How to boot up normally?
Force screen output to external monitor while installing/booting linux
How to set a process’s sched method to fifo and priority when cgroup are on?
Removing Zeroes before and after data sample
Start a kvm virtual machine fullscreen on boot
Any way to customize the initialization of variables in the bc calculator?
Copy file,create duplicates in different directory with predefined list of filenames
smartctl megaraid,N ( how to find the right value for N ? )
non-root user set group ownership
zsh: complete hostnames and files in given directory
Goodix tp not work with I2C
Ryzen/Threadripper temperature sensors: Which senors are related to which kernel modules and how to enable them
Display images in console (curses)?
get first CLI argument after the options in shell scipt
Remove all the lines before the first line that contains a match?
How to concatenate files using initial part of filename
Are configuration files which are desirable to keep when reinstalling normally kept in /home?
Apache Listening Port
How to get the last argument to a /bin/sh function
Can I redirect the output of a program to cat with a pipe?
What does when the file's status was last changed mean?
evaluation of arithmetic expansion in bash
How to install DisplayLink driver on LinuxMint 17.3
Sticky entries in shell history
exclude target redirection file from being processed in for loop
CentOS 6 - Order of network interfaces when running "ip address show" command
Gnome doesn't work in tty7
Unset or change default "re-detect monitors" windows+p cinnamon keybinding using gsettings
PowerDNS returning ServFail for all requests
Comparing a variable to upper and lower case letters
Which hypervisors support AIX as guest?
systemd service iptables-restore enabled but does not start after boot
Problems with result in smartctl
limits.conf is not working
how to use grep -E with bytes after the match
What is in this directory $HOME/.gnupg/private-keys-v1.d ? And where are the private keys stored?
Hide error messages in GRUB
awk can not handle file which row content is more than 2K
Padding for a file containing Russian Cyrillic characters in a file not working
execute script on startup without rc-update
Is it possible to run excel macros in linux?
Get entire paragraph by searching single word or multiple
How to query the progress of an rsync process?
How to hide blinking text cursor in GRUB (boot)
Convert Unix timestamp to human-readable time
socket bind() errno 22 - no time-wait sockets
How to debug Gnome notifications that disappear almost immediately
Return to waiting terminal after finished with GUI app (for external mergetool)
Remove modules from recompiled vmlinux
Script suddenly starts moves system files instead of other directory
How to have bash' history as the same as the preceding Bash'?
How to connect to the internet, via a bluetooth access point, from command line
why still old version but freshly installed
Can't install Oracle JDK in Linux Mint 19.2
What is the rescue boot option in RHEL7?
How to disable ipv6 when bridge module is required?
Could NOT find CURL (missing: CURL_LIBRARY CURL_INCLUDE_DIR) with CMAKE_C_COMPILER_RANLIB:FILEPATH=/usr/bin/gcc-ranlib
replacing single quotes with double quote in a file
Copy a directory from multiple remote servers to localhost via ssh
Unix Command Line Create Text File and Transfer Locally
pem file difference - ssh-keygen vs openssl
What is the purpose of square bracket executable
SSH asking for password after ssh-copy-id
Splitting bash command line argument
How to generate new var names on the fly
Group and lock certain windows to a workspace in Gnome 3
Determine whether XBOX 360 is on
What is the purpose of Apache2's configuration files?
Recursively list files with file names, folder names and permission
bash terminal [\t] (time) is not same timezone as 'date'
`mpirun -np N`: what if `N` is larger than my physical cores?
Install Gnome-Shell theme without gnome-tweak-tool?
Why doesn't Linux use the IANA Ephemeral port range?
How to get permission number by string : -rw-r--r--
/etc/shadow and /etc/passwd format compatibility
Why do 'nohup' and 'disown' not work on SoX (invoked as 'play')
What is "raw mode in hex" from stat output?
Is there ever a reason to use scp instead of rsync?
RAM usage doesn't add up? (Free+used < total)
Preventing tar from using too much CPU and disk (old laptop crashes if 100%)
Assigning mouse keys to keyboard
how to find offset of one binary file inside another?
monitor files (à la tail -f) in an entire directory (even new ones)
How to count the number of lines in a UTF-16LE/CR-LF/BOM file?
Error, some other host already uses address IPADDRESS
Can non-canonicalized forms of filesystem paths be significant? (eg. "foo//bar", "foo/./bar", and "foo/../bar")
How can sed output be formatted like printf's formatted printing?
Can selinux log an application owner name?
Reading n lines at a time from a named pipe in Ubuntu
Invoke procmail on spool file using new .procmailrc?
Difficulty in using persistent storage for Ubuntu 18.04 live usb
Get if drive in /etc/fstab without root
Running a timesten query on a remote server inside a shell script
Install Mesa backport from openSUSE Build Service?
Copy a file over serial connection
Can not change LMDE LInux Software Source Base Mirror to Iran server
Nothing in /sys/class/bluetooth
Starting up and keeping up a process
Which is more efficient, ls or ls -l?
Manage only a section of a config file with Puppet (multiline file_line)
qmake error when installing PyQt5
to run script over several folders?
Access remote server after running ifdown eth0
Dynamic text wrapping of terminal output
replace control characters in Emacs?
Colorized tail: How to set default color
What does '-t' do in mv command? Example below
How to renice all threads (and children) of one process on Linux?
Postfix: prevent users from changing the real e-mail address
Want to print a table format with multiple line in shell scipt
How to specify protocol prefix containing ":" to bash-completion function _known_hosts_real
Writing daemon, /etc/rc.d/init.d/functions hangs
How to check what file content changes, not the atime, mtime, ctime in Linux?
Ubuntu server 14.04 possibly going to sleep?
Why can't I install multiple both x86 and x86_64 versions of a library side by side?
How can I make sudo discard all environment variables?
Do popular linux distributions verify binary packages?
How to preload Linux on a laptop
Clonezilla/Cloning::VERY basic Questions
A basic query about Linux partitioning
Rebinding CTRL-ALT-[C|V] to CTRL-SHIFT-[C|V] in URxvt >= 9.20
Shell script to separate and move landscape and portrait images
prompt for network setup during kickstart installation centos7
wget a website to csv
How to test linux NAPI feature?
Can I increase the maximum number of scans in iwlist?
Does the root user have read/write access to kernel code?
Bash script : read text files using "AND" conditions with different lines
Wine fails to install, says broken package held. Ubuntu Xenial Xerus (Backslash Kristoff)
How to determine what hardware is associated with what network interface
How to install 'Development Tools' into a CentOS machine without internet?
What level is the value `ulimit -n`mean? user level or process level?
Process started by script does not receive SIGINT
Git: doesn't add filename with dash
Redirecting stdout makes modem unable to connect
Debian GNU/Linux 9 (stretch) 64-bit doesn`t detect wireless
Cannot use Monitor mode in Kali using TP-LINK TL-WN722N
How to find what programs are reading my file?
cant add user to sudo group in centOS 7 i386(no GUI,Its minimal)
Linux bonding failover issue between two cisco switch
How to create a key binding re-sourcing the shell configuration without a new command being saved in the history?
Where should be located a web application in Linux?
Correlation between GitLab and system crashes?
Exclude parameter in du command
Can't restart a RAID6 array; missing personalities?
cp: prevent error when source and destination are the same
Why the "lspci" command does not list the serial ports?
Create bridge to QEMU virtual machine in Ubuntu 14.04
Would chmod 000 /dev/stdin disable terminal forever?
how to autoconnect bluetooth headphone in fedora 25?
How to estimate the size of a btrfs send stream?
Linux distribution on Inspiron N5110?
Dolphin user settings (KDE)
How can I remove the forwarding delay of my bridge with ip/iproute2?
how to add authentication to my dockers (one for alll/for each)?
why firmware will be missing? Doesn't it come with the product?
Download Booster: combine ethernet and WiFi bandwidth
Play and control multiple audio streams
How to avoid `command not found` error when re-sourcing bash configuration with a key binding?
default passdb backends in Samba
Converting Raid5 to Raid1 - Cannot set new_offset
Full clone of encrypted disk not bootable on other computers
How to test if the current zsh shell has already executed `dircolors` and `stty` commands?
athk10 Linux mint killer wireless ac 1535 installation
How can I filter out current directory ('.') in bash?
How to switch to another screen to run git commands while resolving conflicts (blocking command)?
RTS5129 Card Reader with Ubuntu 15.10
Breaking out of a loop, return to start of loop with correct value of variable
Defeat rabbitmq-server dpkg autostart
Is it possible to change how usernames are displayed on an AD bound CentOS system?
Compare 2nd column of the 1st file and 1st column of the 2nd file and print the matched records of the 1st file
Run at command when computer is sleeping
live tail (tail -f) of file being grepped
Extract lines from text with string as input
Gentoo Linux GPG encrypts properly a file passed through parameter but throws "Inappropriate ioctl for device" when reading from standard input
Is it feasible to update the modified times only without copying files when using rsync?
Open the SSH Door to a Knocking Friend
Argument list too long with just 5000 files
Behaviour of "|" pipe in linux with ">" output redirection
What is the reason behind changing the name of well-known apps?
IPA server configuration: Cannot use IP network address
How to check if headphones/speakers are plugged in
How to merge pre-sorted files into a single BIG file, without excessive memory or temporary disk use
badblocks source code
The fr_FR.UTF-8 and C.UTF-8 locales are not available in the locale list therefore I cannot use them
What difference between dpkg-buildpackage and debuild?
What if the nameservers stored at the registrar for a domain answer non-authorative?
problem listing files from sftp
Why is my client getting two IP addresses when connecting to WiFi?
Nvidia Graphics driver problems with gdm3 and external display connection
How many clock cycles does poll(2) take?
Some font sizes are strangely big
Use multiple expressions in grep consumer
how to insert new line if a line has more than 60 characters
Get all ioctl code and which module they map
Remove duplicate adjacent lines from file
`Convert` and standard output
run command over ssh on originating machine
Renaming multiple files in specific order
HDMI on 400px x 400px Displays Only Static
What the branch machine op-code means (X86 architecture)?
WQHD screens cannot use native resolution, FullHD works
Rearranging columns in UNIX/Linux
Run ssh command without quotes
At init, run my own script instead of the shell
What is the difference between "sort -u" and "sort | uniq"?
Print process ID (PID) of a Matlab instance
Single key audio capture in Linux (save on key release)
Best Linux Distribution for Scientific Computing?
Perform floating point arithmetic in shell script variable definitions
Can sed remove 'double' newline characters?
date format in /etc/hosts.allow
How to select 30 files and do a bunch of sed commands on them
Where to put scripts only to be called by another script?
Slide show/screensaver over login screen on RHEL 6.4
Java application locks up after playing sound
Convert ASCII-8BIT to UTF-8 using OSX' .bash_profile
Change one typed key for another
extending a partition by resize2fs
How to delete blank lines starting from line 5
backspace in insert mode not erasing characters
How can I make window borders transparent in Gnome?
X11 forwarding not working from putty and XMing to centos 6.4
GDM hangs when home directory is inaccessible
ssh will sporadically hang temporarily on fast connection
building/compiling kernel headers
How do I port-forward 169.254.169.254-bound packets from libvirt/KVM guests to localhost?
Half screen appears to have film on it. Acer C7 Chromebook running 13.04
Resolving an alias to a remote server
Alternatives to Nautilus that support a list of files to hide in .hidden
Puppet. Firewall module syntax
Unable to install ia32-libs in Debian Wheezy
How to open all the files in a directory, using terminal, in emacs?
tmux with iterm2 attach a remote session
Emacs "jump to class definition" functionality?
where is the 'Editor' variable kept in git?
How does APT "find" packages?
How to copy strings from middle of lines (between strings) to the end of lines
Putting a new/graphical editor in editor list
How to make a USB device report as "device busy"?
Traceroute - approach the place with connectivity issues
How can I emulate (inject) system-wide keystrokes and mouse movement via a TCP server?
overwritten .bashrc restarted
Disable LAN connection at startup in Debian
linux kvm performance question
Copy grep output from vim editor
Weird output when using ssh inside a loop over a file
Gparted Linux Mint 18.1 issue
System refuses SSH and stuck on 'booting up' after systemd installation
Linux KVM uefi vs bios & PCI-Passthrough
Convert specific time in specific timezone to time in user’s timezone without using GNU date
Missing separate debuginfos
Passing Environment Variable to NetworManager GUI
Control USB connection/power - only charge
/dev/sda not appearing after secure erase
How to start GUI application with upstart?
Save multiple URL targets to text files
Wifi not working
Failed installation 32-bit python on 64-bit Linux Mint
SSH Server on Ubuntu does not work
Network statistics on Linux
Rearrange the file content
Command-line editing and wrapping
Scientific Linux 6 assigning keyboard shortcuts
Storing a keyfile in an encrypted LVM
Custom key combinations in dwm
How to pass arguments to the shebang interpreter when executing a script?
Hotkey for doing sudo suggestions
Pipes, how do data flow in a pipeline?
How can I access samba from windows 8?
"not a valid package archive" when trying to install PHP extension?
Why do I get mail when I unplug my adapter?
GUFW or Firestarter in Fedora
What should file permissions be set to in order for an FTP editor to work?
Share files between Linux host and Windows guest
Append and write out variable-named file from list of variables
how to delete files from a specific date and extension
Kali Linux - Wireless Adapter: airodump-ng wlan0 - Error
How do I measure the amount of network traffic that passed my debian installation?
How to select read/write time and again?
Unable to start X Server with no screens, no xorg.config to edit
How to meter FTP upload progress in telnet
Find all numbers not in a range
What does `. /path/command` do? (Space after dot, absolute path)
Calling bash getopts from a function fails the 2nd time
Host multiple Linux distros on PXE Server and show these choices to PXE client
Why does VirtualBox spawn so many processes on Linux?
Importing packages from linux ISO
Creating a shebang pointing portably to an interpreter in the folder of a script
KVM Disk Image File Path openSUSE
Install python pip in Debian Wheezy
CentOS 7 - running FFMPEG as a service
TU Berlin eduroam - How to get Wireless LAN working with wpa_supplicant.conf and hashed password
How to grep emails out of a file?
How to force debian to use UTC
Command which do not locate the real path of command
Read crontab from remote machine
Execute remote commands using variables in a for loop
Identify and restart (gnome-classic) window manager on RHEL7
Search another file and add a value to certain field
Rearranging open programs in Fedora task bar
Search for files whose pathnames contain several words without specific order between them
Can't mount external Hard Drive after shrinking partition with parted
Failed to mount Partitions - Not authorized to perform operation
Ubuntu: Chrome crashes when started
Text gets messed up in history search(ctrl-r)
The right tool to reverse the sorting order of thousands of elements in HTML file
Boot Kali persistent USB directly, skipping the menu
Append string after each line except header and footer line
How shall I reuse a function in multiple scripts?
When mirroring ingress traffic on an interface with tc, are only the packets destined for the interface mirrored?
how can I can provide an array as a positional parameter to a function or script?
redhat/bash - two equals scripts, one get "command not found" error
How can i send for 1 minute via a pipe, random numbers of 2 or 3 figures from the parent process to the child one?
Simultaneously run curl and a process timer
How to run multiple sed commands on a list of files using find output piped through xargs
How to fix intermittant "No space left on device" errors during mv when device has plenty of space?
Linux core file not created
How to execute TMUX commands on a remote server when I have TMUX running locally too?
BTX Halted. When I trying to install freeBSD 10.3 on my notebook I got this message:
Rotate IP outbound IP address in Ubuntu or CentOS
Replacing Ubuntu 14.04 with Cub Linux, while keeping files
How does one extract a command's exit status into a variable?
Replacing only specific variables with envsubst
Make kernel: recipe for target failed
bash:Syntax near unexpected error '('
Installing mplayer in Linux
IPTABLES rule for separating users
How to test file system correction done by fsck
tripwire report - inode number
Where to handle packets between clients?
How to tweak Linux to run reliably on flash memory?
Why are PATH variables different when running via sudo and su?
GNU find and masking the {} for some shells - which?
/usr/bin vs /usr/local/bin on Linux
Can't burn DVD -- incompatible format
Selecting the right GRUB
How can I share a shell with my colleague w/o using VNC?
How can I find out what happened to my Debian box?
bridged networking with kvm
Why do /usr and /tmp directories for Linux miss vowels in their spellings?
Why $JAVA_HOME does not persist on a mac?
How can I tell if my system is keeping the system time up to date?
Sharing bandwidth between IPs
What is the difference between Halt and Shutdown commands?
Keyboard triggering mouse events on Debian on Macbook
Some sort of X.org memory leak using nvidia proprietary driver
Is there a utility that interprets /proc/interrupts data in time?
How to start an xterm from Nautilus, running in the folder I'm viewing?
What's the difference between SFTP, SCP and FISH protocols?
debian security /etc permissions
Can a systemd service depend on a remote systemd service?
Grep value of a specific key from a String, concatenated of key : value pairs
is there a way to disable/change kernel console from userspace
Update BIOS on ubuntu
How do I set up scanning from an HP OfficeJet Pro on NixOS?
PAM configuration to execute a shell script on every login failure
Thunderbird can't find mail server configuration
Automatically reconnect OpenWRT to wifi
Extract the characters before last colon
error while starting open ssh : /usr/sbin/sshd: /lib/libcrypt.so.1: version `XCRYPT_2.0' not found (required by /usr/sbin/sshd)
Why do people refer to the functions as select(2), poll(2) and epoll(4)?
libsystemd contains no symbols
Adding host (VM) to Red Hat Satellite 6.4 throws error
Unable to update Oracle Solaris 11.3
How to figure out what fields are available for a command / navigating man pages?
How to insert a name of the file as a header of a file?
Grub rescue: '/boot/grub/i386-pc/normal.mod' not found
Mounting Windows shared folder with fstab
Meson doesn't find the Boost libraries
What exactly is Flatpak and what are its main use-cases?
How to install Node.js and NPM in Debian?
Convert password with special characters for use with expect script
Looking for 4 TB cross-platform filesystem for standalone disk
Fastest way to determine if directory contents have changed since last time
Delete to end of command line in Vim
what is the version of ntfs when an external disk is partioned under MS-Windows 7
Pass value from command to another without writing to disk
File glob to match both "version" and "version.h"
How to use development package installed by sys package manager?
lvm and a partitioning question
Can I save timeshift snapshot to dropbox?
How to run a script file?
What does a program do when it's sent SIGKILL signal?
How to retrieve counts of IP addresses from log file?
SSH IP access restriction using tcpwrappers is not working. (hosts.allow and hosts.deny not taken into account)
Is it possible to hide an area of hard disk from root user?
"ls -l" doesn't show symlinks source paths
Read string block as multiple variables ubuntu
How to enable Trash on NTFS
Editing multiple iptables rules
Will my debian testing become stable version, after new stable version released?
Bit banging with dd?
`apt-get`, `dpkg` fails from a bluetooth serial port, but succeed from the physically attached console
Counter in seperate text file
How to download rpm packages manually (without yum)?
How much space does my Debian OS need
Linux Mint 17 does not mount WD My Passport 4TB USB
Clonezilla - cloning usb flash drive to smaller usb flash drive
Calling stty from a systemd service
Linux (shell script) csh
how to sort file by DD-MM-YYYY dates
SIGUSR2 question
SSH Errors with Public Key
Copy dir and its contents in RAM and backup on the original dir
Is it possible to get the output of only sudo command?
SNX VPN Ububuntu 18.XX
Dirstack: index starts with 0
How to download https file in AIX without wget and curl?
Both Windows & Ubuntu on HDD and installation USB won't boot now
Busybox USB Ethernet adapter
rdiff-backup needs too much space to recover from failure of previous backup?
How to replace an entire paragraph in a file?
How to create a KDE Plasma color scheme for titlebar colors only?
Security issues with "wget"
Cutting output from sudo in a bash script
Firefox+noscript v.s. systemd-nspawn - ABE denial
What are the conditions for a terminal being "colour-capable"?
How can I make pushd autocomplete CDPATH entries?
Is there a way to reduce screen brightness or change its colors when using the SCFB driver on FreeBSD?
Piping PIDs into kill doesn't work
Can Xubuntu's file renamer be used without XFCE?
How to restart Chrome Remote Desktop via ssh
nvidia-smi equivalent for AMD APU
Random X session crash
Connect VPN through privoxy
Triple boot: Windows 10, 7, and Ubuntu
System crashes when I press SHIFT+3
Why aren't any networks showing when I type airodump-ng <card name>
cmake find_package boost fails on Debian Jessie
nginx reverse proxy: host not allowed error
DHCPD ip6, No subnet6 declaration for enp2s0 (2001:470:1f1a:5b3::2)
Copy a block of text to a specific point in another file
Cannot edit or delete read only file(s) in embedded linux
Problems with icons / Linux Mint 18.2 “Sonya”
Pacman orphan packages
When using putty, alt-left/right is different when byobu is started automatically from profile
Download pdf and zip files with wget from a php website
libotify / notify-send: body text is not printed if it contains '<' or '>'
Wine Crashes XMonad
Growisofs renaming files
Delete OCR from PDF
Adding dir name to the list of files
Optimal value for make -j <value>
How to create a device file and simulate behaviors of the Pseudo-devices?
Can't set mp3 sample rate to 44.1k using sox
How can I start a script after connecting via xrdp?
Immediately enter the last dir you renamed
How to add default yum repositories for CentOS 7.3?
Using hashed passwords from openLDAP for authentication in Mikrotik hotspot with intermediate step as FreeRADIUS
How to use a specific interface for a particular destination ip?
How to combine tree with the directory size?
ls colors: why are some of my fonts black and others green in ls output
Removed id_rsa unable to recreate passphrase
When running some X prog. remotely with ssh -X, it says "libGL error: failed to load driver: r600"
How to restrict/cut power output to a USB client?
Compiling LibSSH2 with specific LibSSL
Mapping mouse buttons with udev hwdb
Why is the home directory not created when I create a new user?
Stretch window over two monitors with "gap" in between
Why doesn't set -x work within eval within a function in fish?
How To Change Scrollbar Action In GNOME 3.10
How to install php5-auth-pam on newer versions of Ubuntu?
UDP Tunnel via SSH Confusion
Using options with :tabe in vim
Execute command after inotifywait established watches
Loop through * files using $1 in bash script
How to remove a column or multiple columns from file using shell command?
Sum values in 5th column that correspond to same field in 2nd column
Apt-get hangs on "Setting up mysql-server-5.5 (5.5.44-0+deb8u1)"
Delimiter is being changed with fields
Touch pad freez in linux
Cross compile gdb for mips and make executable file small like one in OpenWrt
unable to login via tty{1-6} as a normal user
How to install a system on top of ZFS?
Debian on a brix. LAN card drivers
awk does not end
rc.local is not running /sbin/ifconfig command
Restrict USB access on a Debian
Recursively grouping symlinks by original file
Internal speaker sound at login screen - but not after login (only external speakers work)?
How to skip DHCP if no cable connected to ethernet in Debian
BusyBox : dhcp client seems to cause NFS mount to stop working
Clementine does not find song information for 30% of my library
How can I exclude all “permission denied” messages from “find” in Solaris
Unable to mount USB flash drive on OpenBSD
How do I display a message when I logon?
How can I compile a C program that I've edited in Vi or Vim?
Creating new gsettings/dconf schemas
Create folders for specific items in table
How to continue animation progress in Plymouth script?
Xlib without X11? Any library or system is capable of doing this?
Asterisk v13 on Kali Linux: No RTP engine was found. Do you have one loaded?
I had g++, was using it, installed make, and now g++ is impossible to install
Option to make pen more visible on the screen in xournal
Booting stops at Loading initial ramdisk
Arrays with spaces: do groupinstalls from script
How to move (image) files to other directories based on files' dates
Get PID of scheduled job (using at)?
Make virtualbox get a different IP address than my laptop
How do I prevent crashing my ec2 micro instance mysql db?
Add additional allowed IPs
dual boot windows 8.1 and debian 8.2
finding the load?
source RPM doesn't seem to install on CentOS with no errors
How do I include the device tree with my kernel?
Find commands/function whose name matches a value
Asked for Terminus, and got TeX Gyre Chorus instead
Back up script causing issues
PTY Master and File Descriptors
use less on content in clipboard
module-combine-sink after raop sinks become avaliable
Power management in Qualcomm SoCs vs CPUFreq based power management
apt update from local apt repositories does not pull all Packages files from repos causing inability to install some packages
How to read mail using terminal?
Problem when piping stdin to tar
Bash rm /proc/sys/net/ipv4/icmp_echo_ignore_all: Permission denied
Is there a way to hide a folder without changing its name?
BCM4360 not working after installing backports-5.4-rc2-1 for RTL8187
Why are my LVM Partition Sizes Different to What I have Entered?
Linux server with cups daemon connected to active directory protecting clients from using drivers or PPDs
How to deny a specific user access to an application?
ip link and ip addr output meaning
Alternating row colours in terminal
How to halt a script at a specific time until it is started again by cron?
How to execute code in a new tmux session - from within current session?
Assigning, or binding, a Redhat user to use specific VLAN id
How to manage groups, home directories and shell for Linux users authenticating via AD using SSSD?
bash script to execute a command but with different data stored in file
Parallel tasks and killing process
Shutdown seems to freeze my cpu on dell latitude e7470 under arch linux
Copy files from VCD without conversion to MPEG
Is there a way to benchmark the find command (to compare with locate)?
Clone dmsetup configuration of a disk - not the data?
Parsing pairs of braces containing brace escapes
Generating TCP traffic in Ubuntu
Get Rid of Meta Key Gnome
How do I exit Fedora installation?
Centos device /dev/sdb1 is not a valid luks device?
Compilation and build using make
Remote Unzip via SSH not working
Prevent vim from starting in a shell if it is already running in background
Ubuntu 16.04 not getting dhcp lease
Postfix not sending email to correct IP address
Using zsh autocompletion for alias
Can't install nvidia drivers on Mint
sort: read failed: ./folder/: Is a directory
POSIX-ly correct way to isolate files with newlines via find?
Is SFTP/FTP file upload size configurable in Linux?
What does CAP_NET_RAW do?
Debugging incosistent LUKS/cryptsetup behaviour
Binary representation of Symbolic Link
Why does a program with fork() sometimes print its output multiple times?
hibernate to disk not restoring, but suspend to ram is working
How to catch optioned and non optioned arguments correctly?
last time file opened
Ideas for securing OpenVPN on an OpenWrt router
Ranger: How to Remap hjkl Keys?
filter coredumps collected by systemd
Shell script to test ls output for directories
Ansible firewalld - guaranteed final state?
Correcting PATH after dist upgrade?
Problem starting session Debian 9
POSIX and Portability | shell scripts | grep -s, grep -q
Writing a Shell script to tail and gzip a log file
How to rename multiple files in a directory at the same time
Wine. Pokerstars Freezes with Pop Up Window
How can I find what a process is trying to watch using strace, lsof, and fdinfo?
grep - only show X chars in the result
Can't mount block device to directory
egrep in bash script not working
Transfer all root mail to the anough user
mmap - map to address above 2^48
Exit alternate screen after crashed ssh-tmux session
X Window System in Linux
ThinkPad touchpad and trackpoint do not work 90% of the time on Arch
Yocto vs Petalinux Tools
Map a Midi controller to Calf plugins
How does one set up CodiMD as a personal wiki?
How to script SSH connection using keypair and password?
How to keep a vpn ssh socket connection alive?
How to test two identical process with different scheduling policy and their cpu usage
init:wait for root not found
Kernel not booting in new kernel
How to switch user in the server by su without password through shell script?
SSD migration partitioning planning
During disk read tests, GUI becomes unresponsive for 10s of seconds. This includes the cursor and the Ctrl+Alt+F6 shortcut
Strange error doveadm
How to remove old client keys in Puppet
How to remove repetition of the content of file by column?
modify keyboard layout locally
/etc/motd is not displayed when a named pipe?
How can I log what software I use the most?
Debian monitor unknown and dual monitor setup
How to fix non-responsive Ubuntu system?
Battery not detected on my embedded device on reboot
Can't ssh, connection terminates immediately with exit status 254
I don't know how to cancel job
Can't acces DNS
Determining the exit status of the "return" built-in
Using a command's output in printf in ksh
How to reduce temperature on a Dell XPS (L502X)?
Print all lines between a searched pattern of a text file to different file
What does eno1 and lo mean
Print lines if pattern is not matched
Recover data from raid 1 when both drives are faulty
List only commands with lsof
'sh: 0: Can't open HoNClient-3.4.3.sh' when I try to run the HoNClient
How to start application after login on CentOS?
skype cannot connect, What should I do?
How do I suppress stderr warning messages from a command inside command substitution?
How can a Linux machine run an exe on a remote Windows server?
Shortcut to google selected text
How to verify the RPM database?
systemd timer needs to run ExecStop at shutdown/reboot
scroll through output using `less` or `tail -f` while keeping the header visible
Including .bash_profile over ssh
Card reader doesn't work on Linux
Ubuntu boots immediately
install opencv-2.4-9 on centos 6.5 with cuda 5.5 support
Can malware run itself after user enters sudo mode?
Point folder on main HDD to newly mounted 2nd HDD
Chrome sound issues v 36+
How to create KVM guest with SPICE graphics but TLS disabled using virt-install?
Replace a string in a file and overwrite the file
What is the long ID that Linux assigns to a disk in /media/?
Inexplicable high memory usage (apparently not caused by programs, buffers, cache, or slab cache)
Delete all words surrounded by parentheses with sed
Script not getting executed as per expectation
Clipboard sharing between the host OS and a virtual console of a VirtualBox linux guest
Utility script framework
What is rpc.statd, what ports should it be listening on, and how to kill it?
compressed and uncompressed kernel on an embedded device
Recording a webcam using ffmpeg
How do I pipe colored diff output to less?
How to make `cd dir/filename` take me to dir/?
rsync certain files, excluding the rest, ignoring .svn/ directory, recursively
awk a specific column with unexpected line break
What are the relative merits of the various standard Unix archival utilities?
Unix command to rename multiple files
Setting file permissions in bash script
Http proxy to select external interface based on host header
Nouveau doesn't work after upgrade to Debian Wheezy
How to build a live Debian CD/USB in Windows, bootable in EFI mode?
accelerometer + screen rotation on non-touchscreen laptop?
cd to variable not working in shell script
I can not see a specific AP at `scan`(Expire BSS 1 due to no match in scan)
Blinking cursor after new partition and install (ubuntu-mate)
awk - change value
grep -v: How to exclude only the first (or last) N lines that match?
Is possible to re-add a removed iommu device?
How can we create multiple dummy interfaces on Linux?
Can operating system work without kernel?
OpenWRT - Openconnect VPN on isolated SSID
DEFROUTE usage in RHEL 7
Creating a tar archive without including the parent directory when files are stored in different directories
convert .desktop files to Debian Menu System files
Local time to UTC
Custom Keyboard shortcut delayed on gnome 3.22
Find out why linux kernel module was loaded
Maximize window on secondary screen
Is there any other method to uncomment in awk?
tail files in a directory without file name and header
Parameter expansion
How to redirect incoming traffic to a different port, on a Synology NAS (DSM5)
Access denied for a particular user by PAM account configuration
Is there a Linux distribution with reproducible build system?
Why does my mac terminal command NOT work in a shell script?
Grep not working on CSV using blacklist
Replace parts of files
How often does profile-sync-daemon sync?
.htaccess rewrite not working?
Is it normal that a modalias matches various devices?
How to select and output URL addresses out of any file?
how to warn about user quotas of ftp user in a /sbin/nologin shell?
Why is sed giving me this error: ... unknown command: `^'
Two linux distributions, grub does not detect other one
Unison is ignoring local config and overriding remote file permissions
Automatically mount location in GNOME Files (Nautilus) on drag and drop
sed - why this does not work?
Match specific columns to another file
Change depth for find when searching directories
Is there a way to query an OpenBSD package by description?
Removing KDE from Fedora21, groupremove not working
How to lock screen for a terminal session?
Why there is no automatic flag on automatically added libraries?
Automaticaly rename new buffer in term-mode
'chmod g+s' command
Intercept and modify commands in bash scripts
connman connections extremely flaky and slow
What does . ~/.bashrc command do?
Route everything through VPN except SSH on Port 22
network interface counters not working?
udev rules for PS/2 and game port don't match on attr, only env
Sending most recently created file via Email
Other Programs Cannot Connect To MySQL
page up in gnu screen with Shift-PageUp
Sorted HTML table
Setting up nginx on Fedora 19
ls command - list files containing a specific string in file name and belong to specific type
How to paste an HTML table into Libre Office Calc without losing structure
iproute command: ip -6 rule show nothing even with kernel option IPV6_MULTIPLE_TABLES=y
Fluxbox: how to map a key for taking screenshot of selected area?
Specifying height for vertical splits in vim
How to disable SELinux without restart?
Using sed command convert only first character in specific line with uppercase
Delete until given character starting from given string
Fluxbox: is there a problem with java modal dialogs and fluxbox?
Forbid some IPs from a certain Network on Apache?
Expand shell variable without globbing
How to get to recovery mode if grub screen does not appear?
untar specific file to present date in linux
Replace a word after a significant line and white spaces (inline) using sed?
How to set up Linux for full AMD APU power management support: Turbo Core, Cool'n'Quiet, Dynamic Power Management?
Creating multiple temporary aliases
Set timeout for web page response with curl
update ss utility on centos
How do I copy a file with scp with special characters?
I have to calculate values from two files and store the result in another file -- using shell
mount with cifs fails but destination is still accessible with sftp
"Could not connect to display" in one user account
Redhat subscriptions - synchronise subscriptions
cannot ping vagrant machine
Break down a pcap file into individual flows and modify them
Expect, Command, Pipes and Gzip
Variants of startup scripts
Authentication refused: bad ownership or modes for directory /root
why can I not rename directories on my walkman?
Cannot install synaptics driver. apt-get install xserver-xorg-input-synaptics leads to broken packages
What is really happening in this command?
Is it possible to ignore sub-directories and files when removing interactively using `rm -ri <dir>`?
Execute command more than once in the background (bash script)
How to install and config several domain to use SMTP server using Ubuntu
linux kernel virtual memory layout
Use ERB in tmuxinator with a bash array environment variable?
How can I stop the terminal from asking for more pipe input?
Delete the character and numbers from partiular position in comma delimeted file in unix
fstab bind inconsistency - Is a link a better option?
AWK command failing for large file
Confusion on the cp command when creating a new directory
truncate a log file to zero while another process is continuously writing to it
Any built-in Linux methods for AXI-burst type devices?
How do I get the list of exit codes (and/or return codes) and meaning for a command/utility?
Is the Linux implementation of the system configuration "variable" ARG_MAX different from other system variables and is it POSIX compliant?
Understanding Arch Linux release cycle
How can I add a script to embedded Linux
Prevent libvirtd from modifying file attributes
VGA passthrough - Code 43 with KVM and libvirt on all AMD hardware
processor(s) statistics that is one day old
How to copy files within a remote server?
Drag and drop files with cURL
what yum repo do I need for nfs-utils
Attempts to get DHCP lease on unplugged ethernet interface / delays boot
How can we revisit screen command?
How to copy 5 newest files from one directory to another and delete the old copies
Blank lines of unknown origin when running vim after tput clear
Stop tailing log
Error in Dansguardian init.d sh script?
Which Linux distro is most popular these days?
How to download all man pages for read offline?
Why I can't send mail to remote mailbox?
How do you change the desktop theme in CentOS?
ssldump: PCAP: syntax error
Need a command sequence that will move files from one directory to another based on a particular year?
For loop in Unix : including files from sub directories
Putting two accounts in group not giving read access to group members
Observing a hard-disk write in kernel space (with drivers/modules)
Why access file is being ignored by Postfix?
Ignoring other USB devices in a udev rule?
Which format to use in USB BOOTABLE linux? NTFS or FAT32
Downloading files in Skype and Firefox stops Audacious under Gnome
How to remove a package built from source that has the same name of another package?
rsyslog conf file problem
How to make some initscript start after delay at boot?
PPTP: Allow remote clients to communicate with each other
How can I know how much space software takes?
Setfattr always returns operation not supported
Under what circumstances will the executable first found in the path not be used
Composite manager for i3wm
What does WINEPREFIX do?
How to colorize some of the output of a shell-script?
How to Map AltGr + any key to shortcut in Openbox/Lubuntu file lubuntu-rc.xml
How to store a path built with wildcards and containing with spaces into a variable
How does `yes` write to file so quickly?
Remapping Ctrl-P to Ctrl-O for getting the previous command?
confirmation before sudo su
emacs is blocking logout?
Is it possible to migrate (some) settings when changing from 32-bit to 64-bit?
Automatically upload directory to dropbox in no time (whenever any changes done to that directory
how to run a bash that must be run with a specific user with another user without password
Can i stop/cancel gparted resize in middle of move to the right?
RPM creation solve depencies
How to check/fix nvme health?
i3: multiple displays; having some "resistance" from mouse pointer when crossing display
Why mount doesn't show full list of mounted files as appears in /etc/mtab and /proc/mounts
How to get all package names that were not installed from a repository in /etc/apt/sources.list
Disable buff/cache linux for fixing ubuntu hangs on full ram
How Can I Make My KVM guest VM Accessible from the External Network?
How to redirect stdout to a file, and stdout+stderr to another one?
Permissions -o Nautilus -o Auth
Can I build openssh-portable source code in Alpine linux
How do I enable core dumps in Void Linux?
mdadm Raid5 gives spares missing events
Sharing Linux Printer to windows
Converting text into ASCII/ISO-8859-1
How to get my own IP address and save it to a variable in a shell script?
How to get the network status (online/offline) and attribute it to a variable in shell script?
Using KDE in Debian Squeeze
How do I prevent expansion when I use a pattern as argument to a script?
Forcing sudo to prompt for a password
All my superblocks are corrupt!
Unable to handle kernel paging request?
Assistance wanted in removing the "No mail." notification in MOTD for Ubuntu 10.10
apache symlinks and dokuwiki
Wireless in Debian Squeeze
rm -rf failing if deleting in parallel
Parsing XML, JSON, and newer data file formats in UNIX using command line utilities
Root password not working to log in to Gnome with gdm
How can I add a line to multiple files in a directory tree structure?
Example value for a nautilus (file manager) connect to service custom location
Removing the [ OK ] From start_udev
How can I see dumps of wholе HTTP packets?
Apache and Tomcat integration
Is it secure to leave a root shell running in detached screen session?
Recovery EFI boot formatted partition
Wireless interface not working in VirtualBox Kali guest
how to create custom vagrant box from libvirt/kvm instance?
Display CPU cores usage in percentage without using top
Rotating catalina.out with timestamp format using logrotate. like catalina.$date.out
Insert empty line between command line prompts
How can I switch users in GNOME?
Automatic variable expansion inside bash [[ ]] command
Fix space in path from find command
How to remove directory flags on linux?
Bash: weird parse output?
Whose `I-Node` does `netstat -ap` for unix domain sockets refer to?
FreeBSD 11.2: how to resize the boot options menu on a UEFI/GPT/ZFS machine?
In Linux, how can I set a Function globally
Linux Bonding Driver Mode 0 And Fault Tolerance
Exit pipeline early on command failure
Why does postfix main.cf contain configuration like readme_directory, manpage_directory etc?
Show time elapsed since I started last command in prompt
SELinux Interfering With sss_cache
Using Checkpoint VPN SSL Network Extender CLI with certificate
grep for multiple elements of an array
Sed - Find and Replace "..\" with "..\..\" - AKA Down 2 Levels
Linux cannot detect 2560x1440 144z capability of Vega 64
awk compare two files and print first field in file 1
How to inspect decrypted TLS/SSL traffic in Wireshark from program not supporting SSLKEYLOGFILE?
Systemd service for a ruby rake job and environmental variables
What does "set keymap vi" actually do?
How do I confirm a file sync has completed before executing a command?
Copy file from one remote server to another remote server
Modifying U-boot booting script and DHCP command script in Petalinux
Appending a line to a [section] of a config file
gnome-shell takes over the CPU
How do I force rx_bytes and tx_bytes to reset?
How to convert multi level xml to a single line containing all levels using XMLSTARLET
help to construct grep output
Working dual boot system screwed up after booting from an external drive?
How to manage users' orphaned processes?
Pipe demon output to a function
Joining two files matching two columns with mismatches and in each matching line, substitute second column from file 1 into 6th column in file 2
Unable to install libyaml-devel libffi-devel in CentOS
Controlling display backlight manualy
convert windows path to unix path inside wine application command line
Hidden files beginning with B
Open a new terminal, monitor it and execute a script
Difference between intel-driver and GPU
Changing home directory path with usermod doesn't work
Extracting bad records from flat files using awk
Webcam Intel Realsense not working on Fedora
Watch/View file contents but no new lines added
Piping to mail results in new lines instead of overwritten lines
Using crc32 to find if files were harmed or damaged
Is IP over USB 3.1 type-C between two Linux hosts at 10Gbps possible?
stop server side caching file (Centos 7, Apache)
cannot login system but kept showing " out of memory killed process"
Cannot trigger tmux script on boot
Are source IPs included in Linux's Ephemeral Port Uniqueness?
Linux Disk IO Statistics Across Devices
backgrounded job keeps stopping
ulimit command not found (without sudo) and error - coredumpsize: Can't set limit (Operation not permitted)
How to force Digikam 5 to have a specific tag in Awesome WM?
How to use bash variables inside make
im getting "syntax error near unexpected token" error in my shell script
Read-only block devices on Linux (blocking raw writes)
How to print the first line using grep command?
Enable "kvm=off", "x-vga=on" and "-vga=none" from within Virt-Manager?
Remove random string from particular position in file names
Linux shell lagging one step
How do I capture the return status and use tee at the same time in korn shell?
Experiencing problems with KDE after an upgrade
What does "INFO: task XXX blocked for more than 120 seconds" exactly mean on Linux?
How to start only one application on booting in RHEL 6?
Difference between Cross GCC and Linux GCC toolchain
gedit preferences grayed out
Problem when changing the font size in nedit
How to setup networking for Linux Mint - VM when host machine uses a PAC file?
Triple Booting; Windows, Ubuntu, Linux Mint by Windows Installer
Why does Linux 3.2 kernel (Debian backport) hang during boot?
How to set-up a online SVN server on my laptop
Colorful ssh banner
Allowing only specific users to login via ssh at one port and others to login via another port
Add Ubuntu to list of Grub boot options
What does the tilde (~) mean at the end of a filename?
UTF-8 Characters in Byobu Screen Status Line
Atomic repo to just update Ossec and not the rest is that possible for Centos 6.4?
How to find files with a certain subpath?
Line endings when using GNU Screen
Rename two files
"su" with error "X11 connection rejected because of wrong authentication"
How can the order of execution in the shell as it relates to redirection be upset about 1 time out of a 1000 on my system?
currency conversion calculator in debian
What is paging space in AIX?
Swap yoda conditions strings in all files
GNOME terminal double click delimiters
could getaddrinfo or connect call get a process into D ( uninterruptible state )
Kali Linux wlan0 not detected
How can I extract data from a command output with Bash?
trim tailing - and add it leading for Numbers in shell
sysrq won't reboot with a keystroke, but will with echo "b" > /proc/sysrq-trigger
Slackware Upgrade on new release
No version information available?
How to repair the grub on debian
copy logical volume from one volume group to another
Grub2 network-based boot choice
How does apache determine what directory to show from public_html?
Replace "<?php print t('Blabla'); ?>" to be "Blabla"
Running chsh does not change shell
"Short write" error message with wget
From df device name to physical drive name (vendor / type)
Is there a way to install and remove packages in a single yum command?
Network Copy File With Low Overhead
Vmware Xorg error compiling keymap?
How do I switch from Ubuntu desktop to Ubuntu server?
kdm cannot authorize my user?
Move position of an application window from the command line on OSX
How to recompile my xorg-server in ArchLinux
"Input/output error" when accessing a directory
Is it necessary to enable CONFIG_USB_OHCI_HCD , when there's only USB 2.0 ports
Device is Mounting as Read Only (Can Copy Files as Root)
How to disable wifi and bluetooth keyboard switches in GNOME?
How to forward a window (display) to another computer on the network
Debian Server - Autostart two Servers in one Screen Session
How to configure an OpenWrt 10.03 router to forward an IPv6 connection to the clients?
What's the right way to reuse this one-liner?
Is it possible to compress a very large file (~30 GB) using gzip?
urxvt: how to scroll terminal output / hide mouse pointer
odd output from df command on a SLES
Pulseaudio/X permission other user/SSH
In a script, check if standard input comes from a file or pipe
How to disable live shell session command history under AIX 5-6?
Setup DSL Network Connection in KDE
Should 'LC_ALL=fr_FR.UTF-8 date +%x' give consistent results across machines?
Reversing the direction of a trackball
Zsh - alias -s with parameter
How to use gtalk on fedora linux?
In linux, would it be possible to run a script every day 3 minutes later than the previous day?
sed not working from sh file, but working from the command line
Self hosted cloud storage
Compiz Window Picker plugin for XFCE4?
vim: create file with +x bit
Encryption of home directory for securing data after harddisk corruption
Workflow management software for Linux
sed or tr one-liner to delete all numeric digits
How can I get wireless and ethernet to work with ubuntu?
Printing conjunct unicode characters using single keystroke
no network device found after Kernel update
Monitor Blinking
How can I use sudo within a function?
What is SSH - the protocol and what is ssh - the utility?
rsyslog is not discarding message as it should
How to make Mutter default window manager
EXT3 file system pre digest material
Bash regex matching not working in 4.1
Getting all files that have been modified on a specific date
Best practice to use $? in bash?
Looking at logs from bottom upwards
Lexmark S305 scanner / printer
Filtering paths to a specific depth
What Linux distribution(s) contribute the most development to the GNOME project?
How to connect to OpenVPN with NetworkManager
Systemd private /tmp on Debian, can't disable it on the right way
Installing RHEL/CentOS 7 on Antiquated Hardware RAID
Reading a certain number of bytes from standard input and then closing the pipe
How to create a loop with five (5) input variables?
Sendmail Has Stopped Working
On Mac OSX, how can I open a deleted file which is still open by a process?
How can I change (volume) hotkey permissions on debian login screen?
Is it safe to gnome-session-quit && shutdown -h now?
keyboard freezes after opening program, mouse keeps working
bashrc not loaded on login
How can we find all the files under a directory whose contents contain any of several strings?
Prevent children to be stopped by SIGTERM
udev rule with KERNELS argument does not work
Tshark fields for capture filter
Kali linux goes to grey screen after log on, fresh install
Debian is ruining my pc
Trying to execute a .sh file. However, I get the error: Configuration Absent: Installation Failed
How to match column 2 csv file and update column with new data and save it to new file
Are there any Keryx offline repository manager alternatives for NetBSD?
Why `tail -f data_log | grep keyword` within tmux session could lead to hard disk exhaustion?
Cannot set CONFIG_SFP
How set more than one paths has to be added to the PATH environment variable and other variable?
What languages are /usr/bin files written in Mac, and how can I read their code?
Run process before opening file
apache permission problems
Specify specific source apt repository for package
trouble starting nginx on Debian9
awk: error : tent of \{\}
Will setting user shell to nologin prevent them from accessing SFTP?
awk paragraph does not work
Can I write a console program that works with multiple character encodings?
How can I switch to window number greater than 10 or higher in Ratpoison?
Making a 64 modem pool work on Ubuntu
File/directory not being deleted?
How to use pipe to assign a variable
Which system file is loading the "wl" (wifi) kernel module at boot time?
How to corrupt an archive file in a controlled way?
crontab versus manual running script
Get date of next Saturday from a given date
mpg321 playing too fast, at high pitch, via USB Audio
The precedence of command options?
Usb serial cable (prolific) not working with ftdi_sio driver on rpi-buildroot image
How the command "dns-fix" works?
Who's messing with my router?
How to get PPID with PS using BSD options
Linux Debian codenames
library file is found by ldconfig but not by ldd
Ctrl+Alt+F2 doesn't switch TTYs on laptop
Switching from Ubuntu: What is software support like for other distros?
service pptpd shows "is not running" but why it is still working?
How to execute a for loop in bash as a string
Umask not respected in OCFS2 filesystem
How can I verify `nice` is working?
Debian: cannot install packages
find on bash script ignoring folders with brackets
Why some gnome-terminal tabs look depressed
First key pressed repeates forever
How do I make the CLI run on dedicated graphics?
Install postgresql 9.2 on debian wheezy (on virtualbox)
Writing triggers for mcelog
Xfce: Upgrade from Squeeze to Wheezy broke xfce's user policies
Create custom wordlist
Change Password of a user in /etc/shadow
Linux snapshotting issues
Any other way to define an environment variable?
awk + paste for cleaning up PATH?
TP-Link TL-WR1043ND as dumb access point
Option "user" work for mount, not for umount
What does longterm mean on kernel.org?
System clipboard is flushed out, once I exit vim
What do the numbers in brackets mean on the iptables-save output?
Using awk to select column data from separate files
How to properly recursively chown files (including hidden dirs)
What are the disadvantages of using config file (source) for passwords in bash scripts
Copy Single Value from a file to a variable and perform arithmetic over it?
A debian install using KDE that does not require systemd
directory permissions
Difference between two files
New Kernel does not automatically reconnect to network
Make target with two words
Preventing the creation of a specific directory
"Bootstrapping" up from an old Debian 4 installation
How do I create generalized binary tarballs for SageMath?
unmet dependencies on old Ubuntu version (10.10)
How do I limit dnsmasq listening to only one interface?
Freebsd printing: Unable to print using lpd
Why is my R graphics device not refreshing and gets drawn so slowly through VNC?
Synaptic Package Manager - Select Update in Bulk
Work on a remote project with Eclipse via SSH and SVN+SSH (2 remote Linux)
/etc/crypttab for anyusb?
read only TMOUT variable – workaround to disable automatically exit shell when there is no activity
Daemonize a perl script at startup Linux
Is it possible to read PVclock from user space?
Array with two awk input files
Kali Linux not appearing in grub after installation
Can't install MDM on linux mint
List folders greater than 10G and mail to respective owners about the usage
How to run a command in linux and use its output in another command?
Preventing terminal disconnection from killing a running job in zsh
Assigning output of a Dynamic Performance View (v$asm_diskgroup) to a variable in Shell Script
/usr/share/src?
How to influence order of package upgrade (apt-get upgrade/dist-upgrade)
U-Boot: Changing TTY columns and rows for virtual consoles
How to get a X line from file1 and Y line from file2 using shell command?
Conspy: "Undefined reference" errors when trying to compile the latest version
How to make OpenVPN to autoreconnect to gateway at any time
vim no tab completion in bash
Cups not core dumping
Not able to ssh in to remote machine using shell script in Crontab
Modifying a squashfs,
What is the "Online Certificate Status Protocol"?
Does grep use a cache to speed up the searches?
When should I not kill -9 a process?
How to view and change kernel memory size?
Where does GSettings store its files?
Installing Chrome on Linux without needing to be root
How do I replace all files in a folder with one file?
Non-Interactive input
New Kernel from Backports does not boot
Need to parse sections of text from repetitive "groupings" of lines within a file
Puppet: command not found in Debian 8
xfce notifications not working
What is the difference between the sed commands `n` and `b`?
Multiple entries in /proc/bus/input/devices for same device
How to tell if a block device needs cache flushes
Reopen apt-get upgrade file compare dialog
How to install MS Core Fonts without my desktop switching to them?
Use root privilege without password
See the expansion of Bash variables for debugging?
Executing commands consequtively on multiple folders
Enable tty console login while "A stop job is running" (stop running forever, preventing shutdown)
Where is Unix Time / Official Time Measured?
Lightdm greeter: Not running inside a display manager, XDG_SEAT_PATH not defined
Rename directories from "fname [mname] lname" to "lname, fname [mname]"
Do programs access tools like grep, sed, tr, or sort due to their efficiency?
arrow keys are not working with terminal server telnet (termnetd) session
create an alias that runs a command with string replacement from arguments
Arch Linux slow shutdown
Error launching Safari with PlayOnLinux
What is i915.modeset=1 for?
how to add command line calculator to bash that uses comma as decimal mark?
renaming images to include creation date in name
A shell script to write selected fields to a single line
How can I create an SFTP user in CentOS?
Why do forked processes sometimes appear with brackets [] around their name in ps?
How can I access a NTFS filesystem from a live Linux CD
vim avoid selecting underscore
Is there a difference between `command rspec` and `rspec`?
Issues with sharing partitions using NFS
iptables Port Forwarding — no service with the port
Socket connect to a ports bound to IP vs localhost
How can I make beep sound through speakers(spdif)?
iptables - the meaning of "ERROR: No valid subcommand given"?
How can I make chrome (stop asking to be) the default browser?
convert display to monochrome
/etc/environment not working
Changing text color in c-shell
What do the kernel parameters acpi_osi=linux and acpi_backlight=vendor do?
Are the crontabs of users linked?
Supply additional ssh options in config file
Installing guest additions on Virtualbox 4.10 - Host: openSUSE 11.3 64 bit, Guest: Slackware 13.37 32 bit
How to install a Debian package from internet?
Will suspension or hibernation of OS suspend running programs?
Sendmail with TLS support changes FROM: address
Creating an ext4 partition fails with "invalid blocks count"
bash using a file name as input
Alternate FIFO device for Linux with a (way) bigger buffer while still having filesystem semantics?
Which application to use for a calendar?
Customized Work Emails and Signatures with Each Firm, perhaps with Mutt and Procmail to look Professional?
Linux tools to choose suitable Cisco ASA 5500
Is Traffic Control (tc) broken in Fedora 17?
How can I use locate only for a directory
vim hot keys with variables
Smallest GUI VNC setup
Get ssh to forward signals
Preventing multiple keypresses from RF remote
configuration ethics (esthetics): /etc vs $HOME
Set EDT emulation by default for Emacs
Creating a proFTPd user
Filesystem organization for software in HOME
Writing both output and error stream to the same file
Bring up alias interface on boot, when the main interface is down
SVN access and indexing tool
Vim script check running platform
Code templates with emacs
How to set up a taskbar in enlightenment DE?
Pipe system sound to another computer
Lightweight browser for linux
How to find executable filetypes?
Damn Small Linux on EEE PC 901
Why "Linux Generic" use RPM extension in MySQL download page?
Monitor directory and if a file is requested then rsync on demand
Create shortcut for PHP
difference between signalfd and sigwaitinfo?
JS indentation on Emacs
Don't expand command line mapping (cmap) until pressing enter in vim
Exiting block insert mode with Ctrl-C
Is there a way to list the connected devices on my wifi access point?
Printing failure in Linux Mint 13
Set up autologin with SLiM
install 2.6.32.59 on squeeze
Aliases for 'sudo /etc/init.d/'
Configure Emacs to use Chrome as the web browser of choice?
IPtables string match for some URLs
bash: disable new process PID message
Obtaining Solaris 10 patches
Python in GNOME code base
When does the internal systemd dbus "come up"?
Recover deleted files from a virtual disk image
Permission denied when deleting file with sudo
Installed VS Code, not sure how to run it or where to find it
`source` command: .csh and .sh file not found even though `ls` clearly lists it?
why am I getting /dev/fd/62: Read-only file system
Full 16+ DVD Linux Debian 10 / buster on one USB 128GB drive
How to install kicad V5 when apt install only find V4 of it? (on linux mint LMDE)
rm -f <file> command returns "invalid Argument" mv, chmod met with same output
Why is ping slow on domain solving?
format output with what?
filter csv file based on list of id in another file
Is there a place / way to automatically mount an NFS share at boot that is not fstab?
Multithreaded xz, with gzip, pv, and pipes - is this the most efficient I can get?
I can't really get why directories in paging are needed
Simple way to follow SPI output on command line
Installing java.xml.bind and Contiki-ng
How to get TUI apps showing up properly with GNU screen?
Convert existing system partition into encrypted one using cryptsetup
Escape sequence to perform CRLF but only when not in the beginning of line?
when will systemd consider my service/application has started
Use a background image with rofi
In Puppet, How can I add a versioned rpm on machines with different %dist macros
Connect two linux machines over a USB cable
duplicity - what does 'full backup' mean?
bash: FOO_VARIABLE=foo;./test does not pass foo variable to test - why not inherited?
How can I resume/save work in a to-be-killed VNC session
Arch-Linux: Chrome first start takes about 15 seconds
How to Block SSH Brute Force via Iptables and How does it work?
Make Grub2 boot into Windows/old kernel once
Why doesn't setuid on /sbin/dhclient work as intended?
How to read value of variable, where the name of variable is the value of another variable
Auto-delete LUKS Key-slots
Resolving executable user stack trace addresses in ftrace
How can I install tcl/tk8.6 on Ubuntu 12.04?
How can we trace problems of crashing programs in Linux?
Is a virtual encrypted disk stored in a file on a NAS allowing for concurrent R/W access?
rc.subr can't access file?
Bash autocompletion for an environment variable holding a directory name
why do I need to patch linux kernel to use pandaboard's spi?
How do I set dhclient debug info on?
Why mkdir -p /Local/Foo/Bar/Wah not work but cd /Local and mkdir -p Foo/Bar/Wah works?
Why does the command shuf file > file leave an empty file, but similar commands do not?
Cloned Linux system and /etc/udev/rules.d/70-persistent-net.rules
How to regenerate /etc/apt/trustdb.gpg on Debian?
Creating VLANs between network namespaces
What does `du - hb` do?
Count number of elements in an array
Uninstall JDK rpm to reinstall
Redirection to services in NAT or Bridged Network only with one subdomain
crontab nodification is taking too much time
lxappearance, FreeBSD and normal user
Timezone setting in Linux
can't wget rpm oracle on centos linux
How to get back a lost session in RHEL : Using NoMachine
kill process in script while writing file behavior
What priorities can be used in cgroups net_prio module?
i3 Window Manager doesn't allow full screen videos on two monitors
Expanding awk -v variable
forward port from one IP to another IP in a local network
How to prevent new isolated Virtual Interface from listening to 0.0.0.0:*
SMTP relay check (test) (Postfix)
How to use a shell variable inside sed's s command?
How can I figure out why an HID unikey device is not being recognized by the software needing it?
Can we disable maximize button in any software(gedit or terminal)?
centos 7 font problem unable to read words
log out via shell script
How can I add my program to system program list (Ubuntu 14.04)?
No audio on Kali Linux
Convert jpeg sequence to movie stream, in realtime, using ffmpeg
Laptop screen dims after 20 seconds, cannot change that
rsync and watch partially transferred video file
How to deal with conflicting names of two shared libraries?
Repeat based off user input OS X
What is a password dialog in plymouth?
How to configure XFCE (or X itself or whatever) to run a custom command when the user has been idle for some time?
A gzip process regularly runs on my system, how do I figure out what is triggering it?
Can't run java 8u71 on Wheezy Iceweasel
Can't boot Windows 10 after linux install
dependency problems prevent configuration of kicad-dbg V5 in linux LMDE
CentOS-8 - Unsealing LUKS volume with TPM2 module - clevis issue
Delete one type of file from specific directory however not from subdirectory
Set "Backspace" to Go Back in Nautilus
How can i create anymore function in zenity?
Why doesn't setuid() work with non-root users?
Select a particular column greater than certain condition and select grep word that mentioned in the file
/bin/sh script - how to tell if argument is either 1 or 2?
Debian 10: how to make faillog count
Why is rpmbuild failing to build a noarch package?
Convert disk-installed system to USB multiboot
How to create another user admin to access admin directory centos6
Partition mounted but files not visible
Wrong result when recursively count lines with wc
systemd User= vs --user
Problem remapping function buttons on Ubuntu 18.04 / i3 / xkb
Iptables, masquerade and snat
MP3 Chapter player
authorized_keys in non standard place
Reliability of inotifywait loop
Group grep command
Linux Kernel Path and compression
Using dpkg for package info
What does the output in `top -b -n 1 -p <PID>` mean?
sed in bash script: unknown command: `''`
bin and lib build order in Makefile.am
fprint doesn't find my laptop's fingerprint device but lsusb does?
Can't connect to wifi linux mint
Installing Intel GM965/GL960 secondary graphics controller driver on OpenIndiana
What does cpg mean during OpenBSD install at disk partition?
Will "filesystem user ID" always be used instead of the "effective user ID"?
sh script to run multiple files in multiple languages
encrypt streaming until public ip
batch modify video files preserving date of creation in new files
how to disable color in output of 'top' command?
Hotspot history
Installing wine-overwatch: "Something went wrong trying to create a directory"
define include directory path (for *.h) CentOS
Centos - Cannot find what cause file increase
How does curly brace expansion work in the shell?
How does the "su" command work internally?
tmux and control sequence character issue
Execute a command per a given number of system boots, then it's automatically removed
Cannot patch scan my Ubuntu EC2 using AWS system manager
FreeBSD param.h not matching uname -r
Setting up users for ubuntu for ssh connection
Bash script to check whether python scripts are running in screens - restart if not
write shell script similar history in console
text processing - How to sort unique the output of find that has duplicate filenames from different directory?
How do I query individual thumbnail-namespace attributes with the gio command?
ssh algorithm negotiation failed
Bash script hangs on specific input
How is uptime calculated?
How to send all keystrokes to a screen session?
Understanding the automated mounting of USB Thumbdrive and doing it myself
How to stop an infinite loop function called with myFunc &
How do I interpret iperf3 results?
Why does init disable the process if it's respawning too fast?
Questions about dual booting windows 8.1 and linux - two issues
HDD with windows OS not connecting to linux via usb to sata adapter
how to remove an operating system, out of many?
Change default web browser to lynx from terminal
Reduce title bar height in gnome 3 / gtk+ 3
Is forcing an application to release some the allocated memory possible?
tmux status-bar #(pwd) doesn't reload
cabal update causes segmentation fault on FreeBSD 10.2
Vim with foreign QWERTZ keyboard
Remounting is not supported at present. You have to umount volume and then mount it once again
Setting up IPSEC on LAN between two hosts (OpenBSD)
What does make -jn mean?
Choose software from Debian repository
How to re-encode file A.mp4 with the same settings as B.mp4?
Head Script output explanation
Symlink to clean up home directory
Why is linux so popular?
Postfix: Users impersonating other users at same domain
Postfix: Remove References to Server Software
How to create a ssh for more than one linux server?
Unable to create Kali Linux bootable USB with Windows10/Ubuntu
Webserver Browser Application
diffing two version of software,and do the interdiff
Configure Sub-Menu button in kodi?
Linux not using all memory
From where the log file updated
grep all the lines in a file and write line to a file from the pattern matching point
How to write contents of a file to new file removing repeated lines
How to setup efibootmgr when root / is an encrypted partition?
How to create numeronyms in bash
Check valid (sub)domain with regex in bash
How do I vimdiff a current version of a file to a previous version in CVS?
How to change time and compare it in shell script
debconf-get-selections equivalent on CentOS
Substitute variable inside another variable in shell script without reassignment
tmux how many windows in current session
screen blinking on deeping linux
sudo make menuconfig error
mysql database won't allow tcp connections on localhost at the default port
Negative numbers in awk
How to make xterm erase shift+backspace?
search a pattern and update the record with the first occurrence of that pattern
Multiple issues after Debian installaion
What are these `/tmp/_MEIxxx` directories?
sane, can't find my scanner (permission problem) even if I added udev rules unless i use sudo
Better method to get a side-value from awk
How to open exodus wallet exodus-linux-x64-19.10.18 on kali linux
Error in config Bitbucket to StackStorm in Linux 18.04
Why is this (extended) wildcard matching a filename that I'm trying to exclude?
Unable to make mosh work when ufw is enabled
How to create a conditional from a command output, that may throw an exception?
Boot failure after CENTOS 7 update
xterm does not display one unicode character
Start Failed: Failed to initialize graphics environment | Debian 10
How do I convert the number of seconds passed since 1 January 2001 00:00 to human readable date in bash?
I keep getting bash level too high after running dpkg-buildpackage or equivs-build for building a package
Show logged in users from yesterday
Fedora 30 KDE Plasma Fonts Not Anti-Aliased
print matching lines from file1 and file2
Combine two operations in one command - awk
Linux: CPU load sharing on new server
Cannot install ffmpeg on centos 6
How to script this mass rename function?
How to unsubscribe from unexisting IMAP folder in mutt?
NTPD fails to find valid peers
samtools/sed for editing bam file
How to remove archlinux and install windows 10 back with bootable USB?
Bluetooth Mouse stops working after a few seconds (NetworkManager issue)
gawk columns from multiple files and add to a single text file
shell script run by xautolock keeps stall value in command substitution
How should an entry to fstab be formulated for a swap file that is not situated on a primary drive?
Failed dependencies
Replace a dynamic file extension with a fixed file extension
Cron job with a dynamic date
GNU screen: Bind sequence of commands to a key
Can having low entropy cause an HTTPS server to be slower?
How to find hard drives by size or model?
Password change Script
CentOs 7 YUM update not working
bridges, VLANs and RSTP
List all udev rules (e.g. for a device)?
how to find out if kernel or udev created a device node?
rpm -Uvh - How to replace modified config file
Remote server randomly hanging on ssh login
v4l2-ctl error in script
Dynamically assign outbound network interface
How do I automatically bind mount on boot in a non-root encrypted home directory?
AMD Catalyst installation woes on Slackware
termios settings after closing file
Unix: Problem with cmp command
Single call in .bashrc starting two daemon processes
xfs_repair does not repair the filesystem according to xfs_repair -n
Can ACLs override file perms on Linux?
ext4 corruption found in superblock, but filesystem can be mounted
/etc/init/suricata stopping CentOS from booting up
Capital S in file permissions
regex find replace strings starting or beginning with backslash
GRE not Forwarding origin IP
Generating a random password; why isn't this portable?
How to mount a disk encrypted with cryptsetup(crypto_LUKS) in Ubuntu 14.04?
How can I do a virus scan on a Linux CD or ISO from windows?
Ubuntu Server 12.04 vsftpd timeout using external IP
print IP address with interface name
Solaris 10 openssl version 1.0.1k but apache httpd not compiling,showing version too old-0.9.8a
Does Linux Mint have /etc/debian_version?
Is there any way to install MySQL 5.1 and PHP 5.3 on Centos 7
Provide security settings before connecting over WiFi in Mint 17
Routing problem through 2 hop in the LAN
one way file sync with unison or better alternative
Load a service in Linux programatically
Forwarding a Localhost:Port to an ExternalIP:NewPort
reset Ethernet bonding without rebooting
Color of emacs margins
Is there a way to prevent a non-terminal-attached process from executing 'who' inside my .envfile?
Searching in man pages
Escape closing parentheses from URL with firefox -remote
Canot remove symlinks: after reboot, symlinks re-appear
apache httpd specify CipherSuite
in which cases it will be problematic to configure UUID in fstab
For loop in nohup
ping: show only results
SSHD configuration,authenticity of localhost can't be established
tcpdump --- capture packets to a non-rotating file
Preseed directive to skip another CD/DVD scanning
When upgrading the Linux kernel in CentOS, is a downgrade possible afterward?
Is it possible to mount a SSHFS point in a way to preserve (local) ownerships and permissions?
cp behaves weirdly when . (dot) or .. (dot dot) are the source directory
Edit XML using xmlstarlet only in one subnode
How to build all of Debian
Is it possible to source again .bashrc and .zshrc AND remove functions once inside them without restarting?
How do I install mplayer from a terminal?
Installed Fedora in dual boot Windows desktop. Now I can't get full monitor resolution with my AMD Radeon HD 6450
Where is the trash directory for PCManFM and xfe?
How can I find the application for a MIME type on linux?
Can shared-mime-info associate a MIME type to a desktop applications?
Gtk application (Gvim) rendering troubleshooting
Git Server Bash and SSH
Fedora won't boot. The startup progress bar goes all the way to the right and then everything just freezes
Should the usage message go to stderr or stdout?
Consumer Level software RAID5 and LVM
.Xresources settings in effect
How to add an iso file as APT source
Video playlists with start and end times
Why does hdparm -y not spin down a HDD while the file managed does? (using Ejection option)
FreeBSD 11.2 - 256 color support in console window
Is there a Iosevka Term package available on Nixos?
4TB hard disk on a Raspberry Pi
Which process group does my program belong to when started from bash?
Password was required to mount drive but my password didn't work (while still working elsewhere)
How does performance measurement tool 'perf' actually work?
tmpfs and disk partitionning (incoherent partition size between df and fdisk)
Port Forward WAN Traffic through VPN
Can I use a single gateway with multiple/2 lan cards in linux
What is the effect of the underscore in [A-Z] [_a-zA-Z0-9]*?
My server email can't connect to Outlook or Thunderbird
How to compile a third party driver into the kernel?
Linux screen: Clearing Screen List
Guide to set up GPU passthrough
How to pull one day old data from remote server to local server?
How do I disable the window-switching effect of mouse-roll in Debian 8.1 (KDE)?
Loop over columns and store values to associative arrays
Bash wrapper that will format the output of another program
opening a terminal with a command on startup in debian
bash dynamic (variable) variable names
What is the alternative for ls command in linux?
Replacing a character at a random position using sed?
Can't setup private network with systemd-networkd
SSH Automatic login With Floating Profile
Why are mtime and ctime changing for a directory when a file is modified?
Can't detect wireless access points on Kali Linux
How tp Print/echo arrow character (not key) in unix - bash, version 3.2.52
Log monitoring using shell script
Create persistent process without inittab
Alternatives for Bumblebee?
Print man pages with fixed width
Bash to join columns from multiple files
How can I mount /home in a usb drive and keep the files?
How were these Linux TCP default settings decided?
Swap shift and caps-lock
How can I display the insert mode prompt on the left when using zsh with the in vi-mode plugin?
CentOS 7 - yum not using proxy for all requests
Text wrapping in Terminology
Cat in expect script adds new line to end of string
RHEL7 & PHP: File is not uploading (even into /tmp/)
How to download Debian testing i386 without GUI?
How do I close a window with a command/keyboard shortcut?
How can a I redirect an HTTPS request to a HTTP server?
Enable network connection transparently on demand
HaProxy 1.5.8 to FTP server
cygwin: ls -i reports wrong inode number for files in UNC path
Remove all words before a specific pattern, after another pattern
memory fault in lsof
add timestamp at begining of each line in telnet session
Bash's "set -o vi" vs readline's own options?
How to extract data from csv file with modification to data
How to mount a linux host filesystem with FreeDOS running in qemu?
how to grep a value stored in a variable
Specify default value in systemd (PassEnvironment)
BASH script: declare a variable inside CASE statement to use globally
grep: Not a recognized flag: o
How to execute a specific sequence of operations in i3 on start-up?
Update the glibc package Error
Add lines to files to make them equal length
How to filter a string against the characters from a variable?
chkconfig modification dosen't takes effect
Linux utility to bench mark clock speed of CPU
Mute all sound when locking device
how to resize / lvm partition
After Receiving an signal, which exception handler invoked first?
Is there any advice so I can clone the entire thing smoothly next time
Cannot login CentOS 7
How can I mount a partition before the OS has booted?
httpd hogging all memory until server crash
Cant change python interpreter in Visual Studio Code on Mac
What should be in the sources.list for Kali Rolling Linux?
how to prevent the manual shutdown or Reboot to set the passwd even though login as root
Is systemd's logind or Gnome-wayland-session incompatible with hidepid=2?
How to run a process in background without typing & every time?
isp-dhcp-server, ipv6, WARNING: Host declarations are global. They are not limited to the scope you declared them in
Redragon Asura USB keyboard maps all Ctrl, Alt, Win keys to Shift_L
Slugger utility
Workspace sliding animation in i3
Bash script to auto detect php5.6 or 7.0 and alternate them without having to specify
Run a file automatically in terminal when you click on it
Alias accepting variables from the result of evaluation
error installing hplip on ubuntu mate
OpenBSD 6.1 not updating
Why my Raspberry pi receive no packets using Ethernet?
How can I create a complete xkb layout and make it work?
Getting pkg data using repo URLs only (without a repo.conf file) - FreeBSD 10/11
How to secure Raspberry-Pie controlled over SSH against the Linux.MulDrop.14 malware?
Getting rsync to delete source files that already exist on destination
How to change OpenBSD mirror
How to clone HP-UX server to another fresh server
How to edit LibreOffice 4 with MsOffice Word corrections?
HSTSpreload, www subdomain and redirect issues
How to offload TLS client certificate authentication to a simple proxy
Is there any system level security analyzers for Linux distro configuration?
SSSD Domain Configuration Snippets
Cannot connect to localhost on port 4430
Attempted to dual boot linux with windows, not letting me boot into either
problem in login with default /bin/fish shell in gdm
How to allow users to mount windows shares
Can a Linux user have multiple primary user groups?
How do I run two shell commands in one line in Vim?
host can't ssh guest, but guest can
Does a doublesharp always cancel out a shebang?
Battery never stops charging!
get rid of "No Caching mode page found" message during boot
How to disable dnsmasq?
dhclient prints strange error
diff consuming huge amount of memory and cpu
Change user passwd with UID
Validate start-dfs.sh
command to get username via id
Default-Start contains no runlevels
Failure to connect to hidden SSID with WPA Supplicant on Debian?
How to Avoid Many Levels of symlinks with this find?
Remove string that has special characters
After modifing the source code of existing file system (such as ext2), how to rebuild and install it?
XFCE ignoring icons set in /usr/share/applications/
Location of automounted USB devices
Check the frequncy of a character's consecutive occurences
How should I debug a hard-lockup of my Ubuntu laptop
Rejoin words breaked by hyphen and double newline characters
How do I access USB endpoints with recent Linux kernels?
How to Run a command on all subfolders
check ip address of a linux server to upload the file
Launch a program into a specific xid, (x window id)
aliasing command which takes argument with using pipe
How to edit multiple files in Vim?
Make Bash's vi-mode default to "normal" Vi mode (not "insert"), and place cursor at start of line, mimicking KornShell
Segmentation fault when running lvcreate
Accessing Dropbox login page through lynx / elinks via ssh on aws
filtering on pgrep to limit the result
Unexpected appearance of â in man
Getting the last executed command on a screen
Deleting duplicate file with exactly same filename but different sizes
Change the key that show previous command lines in ksh
I can't enable Swap space on CentOS 7
Curl download speed restricted when down/uploading from stdin/stdout
CRON (no tty): Delete message with specific "Message-Id"
which linux distros that do not use Cinnamon DE use Nemo by default
How to remove leading numbers and whitespace from a document with python
Launch default application for files with fzf
time -f "%e[s]" sleep 3 prints -f: command not found
Library path for R
How to update Ubuntu nightly?
Why on earth is my apostrophe character represented as `&#8217;`?
Logging Shell Activity
Does 'sudo apt-get purge postgr*' remove database files?
"Unable to detect the URI-scheme of..."
Bash script curl input variable from command line
ACL: Wrong owner & group after mounting
vimdiff show differences with only parent rows
How to start my application after starting of "daemon" process in single script
cp runs from command line but file not found from script
createrepo and yum update with new rpm files, metadata?
create single string argument using heredoc or other technique
bash script to output 15 lines or more of logs to a file if they occur in a 15 minute time frame
How to detach tmux when the shell exits but not when killed from session overview?
LIGHTTPD auth does not work
How to use TOKENS with ssh LocalForward directive?
Is the .d notation for folders in /etc recommended or not?
Best way to sync OMXPlayer audio and video?
Concatenate the Content of Files from Various Directories with a Blank Line in Between
Copying contents of a folder via SCP results in `scp: error: unexpected filename: .`
How to express beginning and end of line in sed
How to connect remote Linux Machine via SSH
Compile program in GNU GuixSD with cmake
Searching man pages doesn't work
minisig vs signify
Confused about Configuring Linux Path Environment /etc/profile.d/*.sh being Executed Twice?
How to find control characters in a file?
How to find more than one space and replace it with one space?
Is there a way to detect a sound above a certain volume playing through a device and react to it with a command?
Alfa Awus036ach causes password prompt loop, won't connect
nginx: [emerg] BIO_new_file("/etc/letsencrypt/live/site_name/fullchain.pem") failed
What is the name of the ubuntu server cli installer?
How to find and replace seemingly a tab char using sed?
How can I solve "OSError: [Errno 122] Disk quota exceeded"?
asus ac68 merlin curl ignore http_proxy
Using sed to insert README.md in .gitignore
Why does vsftp return 530 incorrect login?
How to enable presistent proxy_arp
General Protection Fault: What to do about it?
Adding group permission to directory without changing group ownership?
CentOS 6.5 Installation Failure
Stopping a systemd service when a user logs in to the GUI
What is the Debian counterpart of the admin group, and what group on Debian makes files accessible to only the owner and the administrators?
Add prefix and suffix to an input and send it as a command
How does 'eject' get processes to close file handles?
Accidentally deleted the only partition where LV for the root and swap
while loop to check for user input not in for loop
Shortening a long if/test string comparison
How to mount a drive without creating a directory?
Exporting and importing a mysqldump from within a mysql CLI heredocument
How to get network and disk usage per process
How to set path for all users on CentOS 7?
Stop watching the output of a particular program after using watch command?
Adding Postgres bins to PATH: should I `export`?
service red5 restart FAILED
What is the difference between red5 RC1 and RC2?
Why date +3 equals 3?
Force ssh to not print "Remote host identification has changed" warning
Remove unused packages
How to force rpm to check dependencies during upgrade?
How can I create a "base" for other aliases to refer to and enable cd base/x command directories?
How does the linux update manager work?
What's the difference between CONFIG_R8169 and CONFIG_R8169_VLAN?
What is the realtime equivalent of the module r8169?
No KDE: how to use strigi to index my files?
Transactional installation process like windows installer in Unix/Linux
grep second time faster
send keystroke to process
How to include program which only works with in/out files into a pipeline?
Control source address for whois queries
Grepping several lines from Nmap output
tar: "No space left on device"
Where to find source code of Linux NTFS driver?
GNU/Linux distribution for network virus || malware identification
A system-wide way to set or get $JAVA_HOME in Ubuntu?