Porting GNOME keyboard shortcuts to URXVT
Can't login on OpenSuse:  "No logon servers"
what does Curl's stand-alone hyphen (-) mean?
Scroll inside Screen, or Pause Output
Real copy to Android device
Command substitution: cat with executable content
How do you tell what hard drive a file is on?
Why does F10 in gnome-terminal open the right-click menu?
What is "Print to File" and can it be used from command line?
Changing IP address of Apache server using PHP statically
Debian: program in boot
copying multiple files to multiple directories
RAMDISK incomplete write error kernel panic
L2TP IPsec VPN client configuration
iptables log file
log out/in because of google-chrome-stable package update?
What are the kernel, the "GNU tools and utilities", the shell and the Window Manager?
How can I increase open files limit for all processes?
Windows Domain Server on FreeBSD
Reset all groups to default
Spotlight/Search on Fedora
Is there a good command line tool for converting to and from FLAC audio format?
Enable killing X.org with a custom key combination
Arch Linux: python and python2 are in conflict
Why does one linux distro run hotter than another on laptop?
How to get files downloaded by yum?
Some FTP clients timing out on data connection to Pure-FTPd
Need to re-partitioning
How to raid-mirror existing root partition?
Full text search for man pages
Set default nice value for a given user (limits.conf)
Horizontal file concatenation
Yum dependency being provided by incorrect version
Any way to stop sourcing a script from within a function or inherit the environment when starting a new shell
Recursively removing all backslashes in directory and file names with find and rename
Samba access denied for password protected share
Is it possible that a reverse proxy upgrades a http/1.1 connection to http2?
Subtracting an older textfile from a newer
NIC says UP but not able to ping
/var/log/messages - not compressing while rotating
Wlan0 not showing up in kali
Red dirs alert in bin folder, jvm dirs
bash's $_ var not expanding
Different behaviour and font rendering in MS Office 2010 installed using PlayOnLinux and Lutris
Fedora 29 Virtualbox - Had Guest Additions 6.0.6 - tried to upgrade to 6.0.8 and now cannot mount it (unknown filesystem type 'iso9660')
Timezone correct, UTC correct, time still wrong
Bash extglob pattern with comma
Can't connect DS4 controller via bluetooth
bash script combining commands enable flags?
Centos 7 LVM volume possibly renamed and now won't boot
unbundling a file of here docs when file's directory is different from pwd
iptables: --protocol tcp with --match tcp, clarification?
display warning about opcache,curl and many more
screen -D -R ... If necessary detach and logout remotely - what is the purpose of "logout remotely" here?
How to set an alias upon command execution?
Comparing two text files
dh_install not finding files that clearly exist
Can a parent process change its child's environment?
remove string ends with certain extension in a file
script for moving kept files deleted with fdupes or other deduplicating package
Replace range of lines with range of lines (sed or others)
Errow while installing nfs-kernel-server on Ubuntu 16.04
Error validating install location: Distro 'centos7' does not exist in our dictionary || Host OS CentOS 7
How to make zpool refer to a disk using a readable string?
Why removing npm means removing nodejs as well on CentOS?
Remove USB flash-drive write-protection
Download directory structure from a TFTP server
Command line: <<< instead of <<
Execute bash script using CygWin
Bash commands with spaces in them (git config or git-config?)
Sending email without including an origin IP address in headers
Concatenating thousands of files: > vs >>
Finding RPMs for Install
Dual boot windows 8 and Linux Mint 13 (based on Ubuntu 12.04)
Bactrack5 + VMWare + GNOME Fail
-bash: yum: command not found
Binding a particular IP to a port in apache2
How to know which is the default script shell in Centos?
get free string genre id3-tag and not only genre number in bash script
Wildcards in aptitude
File system CRC check
Chrubuntu 12.04 Bluetooth not detecting devices
Detecting Physical Network Addresses Reliably
How to find speed of wlan interface?
Dynamic file content generation: Satisfying a 'file open' by a 'process execution'
find command: how to ignore pathname?
tproxy per user
What does this code do?
Querying display power status on Linux (Xorg) on command line
Can't indent heredoc to match nesting's indent
Predictable Network Interface Names break vm migration
Find which files aren't duplicated in a second location regardless of directory structure differences?
figuring out location in a document using vim.
Is there a way to know/tell which fonts are used in a pdf file?
Error "syntax error near unexpected token `('?"
How to find out how is curl getting its proxy
How to install a software on my linux box when I don't have root access (sudo)?
Restarting process via cron every 12 hours
Can the Operating System access a particular filesystem after it has been unmounted?
check md5sum from pipe
How to get a response from any URL?
Chromium browser does not allow setting the default paper size for "Print to File"
Using OpenVPN with systemd
How to make netcat print colourful text?
Extract certain column from CSV files
moving a process to fg and bg
Reject SSH connections from unlisted countries, using hosts.allow/hosts.deny on CentOS
How to create a promptless Linux GUI shutdown script?
Why is ls command slow to interrupt on NFS directory with lots of files?
How to tail multiple files using tail -0f in Linux/AIX
Upgraded to Ubuntu 14.04 - Mail server missing dovecot-lmtp even though it is installed
RAID Level 5 versus Level 1
Pernicious USB-stick stall problem. Reverting workaround fix?
How does Linux choose which application to open a file?
Common subroutines in RPM
Why is "shebang" called "shebang"?
Elantech Mouse Touchpad not working well
Why does `cp -a . /dir` copy contents instead of directory?
tcpdump Filter with certain file types?
Need to Adjust Screen Edge of an HDMI-connected TV
awk character class mystery
Can't install Flash Player on Debian Jessie
Iwlwifi (dvm), debugfs and fixing rate
OpenGL doesn't work on emulators of games
I cannot understand what -c parameter does in tr command in Ubuntu GNU/Linux even though I read the manual
Can't figure out the way to trigger Magic Sys Keys via keyboard debian 9 lxdm 0.53-2 xfce4.12.3
pppd default route configuration
Privacy as regular user against root?
Cron jobs monitoring using exit code
Compare two variables with a Shell script
How to restore the "Applications" menu of Ubuntu Mate 18.04?
What is the difference between lsof vs lsof -i
Escaping ampersand (&) in URL in Bash under WSL
Why does "virsh list --all" shows running as normal user but "shut off" with sudo?
The command "find" output an error message
How to match both UDP and TCP for given ports in one line with nftables
Does a shortcut exist to auto scroll to the top of a command response in terminal?
Splitting a single large PDF file into n PDF files based on content and rename each splitted file (in Bash)
Why Linux booting on same system doesn't take same amount of time always?
Best compression tool for full disk imaging that can saturate a USB 3 connection on low-powered machines?
How to keep my system clean?
The last command line in the shell script without a newline
debian9 can't install python packages with pip3 or uninstall packages with apt
gnutls_handshake() failed - why?
Linux modules for PC speaker: pcspkr vs snd_pcsp
How can I add a PPA with only Ubuntu releases to a Debian machine?
How to increase volume beyond 100% on Kubuntu KDE
Would GREP work to filter a log file based on keywords, dates, timestamps? Or is there a better alternative?
Commands work for high computing cluster on bash terminal but not in shell script
Red Hat 6.9 Desktop yum groupinstall Developer Tools not found?
bash/debian: strange makefile behaviour
25s between systemd startup and actual display
Reliably move (not copy) files over ssh
Trying to gzip qcow2 files to a /backup directory
i3 assign spotify to workspace
How do I find out when a Linux machine was booted via SCP?
Cannot add partition back to RAID 1
Is there a chance that a CentOS machine does not have RPM?
Rotate Logs Older Than 7 days and Delete Archive
How to see qpdfview annotations in other pdf readers?
alternative to `tail -f <filename>` allowing printing continuous stream from multiple files in multiple folders under the same parent folder
Can I make the indent utility leave my pointers alone?
xfreerdp (sometimes) doesn't connect for various reasons
Does aptitude use safe-upgrade or full-upgrade in visual mode?
how do I get zsh to *just* list the stuff in my current directory during tab completion?
What's the point of Debian and Ubuntu?
Graph gateway in/out traffic per client
Delete everything after second underscore
How are multiple commands given for ex from the command line?
how to download with youtube-dl without merging
run shell commands through os module and subprocess module, one works and the other one does not work
Automatic time adjustment is vastly off (7 hours)
Why isn't the var directory user-specific?
wget uses ipv6 address and takes too long to complete
Access repository where direct access to the repository's URL is blocked
How to install glib >2.34 on debian wheezy?
How to use shell parallel with two files
Only allow internal password ssh logins, always allow external ssh logins with key
Why does "echo os.system('/bin/bash')" work?
How can I restore my Internet access? ONLY program which still access internet is variety (wallpaper app)
Shell arithmetic: referencing a variable without the leading $
sed: adding space around colon
Concatenate Columns if Other Fields Match
How to search "info" page for keyword
matching pattern to new line
Why does my RAID array keep changing names?
piping with grep
No zsh-syntax-highlighting within tmux
Netid in ss output is confusing
Create a UEFI bootable USB stick from an ISO image with GParted
Cannot start Kali in Live mode
How should I configure my multi-monitor setup on MATE?
How can I get rid of all script blocks in html files?
How do I replace this pattern with a newline inside it?
How can I store files in the mounted shared folder?
Different A records for a domain
Bind dns zone will not work
Patching diff-files
How do I remove text blocks within a log file?
How to use awk to read data between all frequent time intervals
Why does bash output data instead of executing, when a script is piped?
Spec for aria2 download state files
How to map PowerOff button as End on XWindows?
How to use GNU parallel effectively
Running init script which starts a daemon in background for reducing boot time?
How to merge keys, or handle keys with the same file name?
Kernel compilation for minimum program execution
Disable Right Click on file (Openbox, LXDE, Pcmanfm)
What is "fs" short for in kernel function "get_fs()"?
Using autoreconf without root rights on a prefix path results in a corrupted configure-script
Restarting OpenVPN on SELinux by a cronjob
save transparent web images on linux mint
I cannot get photoscape 7.3?
How can I recursively grep through several directories at once?
some POSIX Bracket Expressions not working
How to search many files with regular expression and output matches to lines in a new file?
list folders and their content
Mysql: remote and local access
How to execute a file in separate gnome terminal in linux
logwatch shows wrong temperature
Search and replace two words with ex command
vi shows as vim
How to get current CPUPower governor
How to report receive queue size for AF_UNIX sockets
Puzzle over sudo and paths
Change systemd stop job timeout in NixOS configuration
`history` command produces asterisk * entries
How do I resolve this VirtualBox PIT: speaker: cannot open
Install missing packages into Fedora LiveCD
Passing variables through exe
how to not-delete-a-file with some-command < file.txt > file.txt
Replace substring
Is it possible to reduce systemd-journald size stored format (and thus size)?
How does dig find my WAN-IP-adress? What is "myip.opendns.com" doing?
Copying users with copying /etc/passwd & etc/groups?
Zero out deprecated ZFS Label from Disk with dd
How to permanently change Cassandra's logging level?
Initiate bash script on shutdown, but not on reboot
i cannot setup and log into my raspberrypi
Generate E-Mails with content on different files
Copying a text file into a calculation sheet with a script
Try to install lib32-ncurses-compat-libs 6.04 on Antegros
git: how to add one file as a version of another?
Intel Wireless 8260 slow
sshd_config AllowGroups has no effect
Opening named pipe blocks forever, if pipe is deleted without being connected
Symlinking `init.el` in
error in order egrep
How to force yaourt to install all updates
using SCP for active/port type connection?
Get the rows only with specific fields
Wondering how to correctly configure rEFInd for Windows and Arch dualboot
shell extension or program to transfer data from remote machine to local and vice versa
Perl script which operates on an input file
What is mounted as / on initramfs when the specified root isn't available?
Split lines inside files with fixed width columns
Hibernate/Suspend in Arch/Antergos doesn't seem to work on MacBook Pro 11,4
Can a program run by a NOPASSWD sudoer use sudo to gain root access?
Process Substitution (e. g. $(somecommand) ) In A Nutshell
Restrict SSH login to local network: VPN connection not allowed
how to record all who that login to my linux machines and records them
How to move all files inside present subfolders up here
Ghost Vulnerability On Linux
Multi-month view in calendar (cal) in OS X
What does this iptables rule mean?
How to remove Linux permissions on files for emailing to a Windows user
"too many arguments in [ (test) statement"
How to write a program which can run on a computer without a operating system?
How to capture return code (not exit code)
SCP without password prompt using different username
Combine parts of pages of a PDF document
Number of installed keyboard layouts in Linux Mint Qiana
xdotool and xbindkeys
Can Grub2 multi-boot LUKS/LVM distros with only one boot partition?
Set Environment Variable for Ranger File Manager
Have window covered by others even when active in mint cinnamon
Why can't I delete my files?
No manual entry for man
Apache Location Authorizations Allow Unauthorized Access
15 GB of unaccounted-for space in filesystem
Interface on Linux for IP range to divide incoming traffic
execute chmod on boot time on headless debian
Reasons why does the os have only limited information about the layout of data on hard disks
Disable rate control in linux wireless driver
How to run a live stream as local radio
What is the "+++ /tmp/security" line about?
Epiphany shuts down as it is loading
Use awk to replace a column without changing format
How to merge duplicated history of command on terminal?
Write Python stdout to file immediately
How can I open a man page in a new terminal window?
Linux doesn't recognize windows on installation
Is this a so-called "Hybrid" Mac Partition table, and how can I mount this in Linux?
Sendmail Message Fail
Unix Useradd - Audit list of users added to system
Why there are two sequential screen processes?
How do I work out which port to log in on with SSH?
Delete all lines containing ".." and "@"
Show older or newer history items with the history command in zsh
any way to bind bash file to binary file
safe way to add aliases for another user?
Can a "safe delete" be implemented for an IMAP server in Maildir mode?
iwlwifi light blinking on Debian 8
Max transfer size in SG_IO/SG_ATA_16
Ran wrong script, moved folders are gone, but where?
Installing compiled program previously installed in other folder
Why is my `net.ipv4.ip_forward = 1`?
Cron jobs not working as expected
How do I get back the packages I removed?
Internet access in LXC container with nftables
Problem creating a service on Debian
Unbound variable when running script on embedded device?
VirtualBox - Dynamic virtual disk won't expand
uidgid file - UID in parentheses
How apply command to file on $PATH with spaces?
Different routing for each address on an interface
Edit apt.conf in Debian 7.1 for Intel 64 bit
MAC Address changes after dirty shutdown
rename files in batch
What does "link#1" mean?
I have a 24 Gb disk and a 1Tb Hard Disk How do I get Ubuntu to install on my 24 GB and my home dir on the 1TB
Select lines from text file which have ids listed in another file
dpkg-reconfigure: not found when running in cron
RaspberryPi GPIO FreeBSD assignment
Full path in glob in Zsh
Bash is automatically reloading (injecting) updates into a running script upon saving it: Why? Any practical use?
Bash: change variable defined at top of script
Redirect output half-way through a script, and restore later
FreeBSD 10, unable to reach 1 Gbps
Writing single-handed layouts for X
Bash: show prompts if arguments weren't provided
yum installs kernel-devel different from my kernel version
Copy/paste into SSH'd VIM from local (Windows) clipboard
How to install matplotlib on Linux?
How do I prepare Windows NTFS drives on Linux
arecord to record what is playing on speakers
Graph is too large for cairo-renderer bitmaps Error
How to check which specific processes (Python scripts) are running?
How to shutdown the computer from SLiM when root login is disabled?
How to get numbers by using regular expression, but only last one
How can I find out where an RPM came from?
Only 5GHz networks showing, 2.4GHz networks hidden
Why does my system freeze during bootup unless I boot into recovery mode?
How to restart Java with a specific argument?
kickstart is frozen at 100%
how to understand the routing table on an OpenVPN client
Monitor file access count by user
Why is yum not installing my softwares on RHEL 6 ?
How to print gmail inbox messages
Error updating firefox: Error: Package: xulrunner-last-26.0-2.el6.remi.x86_64 (remi)
Password protect Grub2, but still allow normal boot
How to print a Bind10 cache dump?
Parsing an xml RSS feed file
Environment variable for command called via nice
How would I detect a non-login shell? (In Zsh)
What does /etc/cron.daily/apt do?
automatic capturing top output by cronjob CENTOS 6.5 x86_64
Replacing multiline consecutive tags with a single line using sed and ignoring white spaces
mounting iso image: message "block device is write protected, mounting read-only"!
What is the difference between "du -sh *" and "du -sh ./*"?
How to fix kdenlive crashes on Ubuntu 13.10 during scene finding
locale not found/setting locale failed - what should I do?
Where are netstat's -t and -u flags documented?
Append timestamp to top command output
Vim insert mode completion for sentences
How can I secure an OpenBSD-based Apache webserver?
Where can I find the Linux driver for headphones in the kernel tree?
dynamically generated logfile in screenrc shown in hardstatus
sed command not giving proper output for regular expression used
I wish to print out the first two characters from $TEXT
Coping with bad sectors on RAID disk
Send value to a "read" in a script
How can I find out the Screen server process?
Git: edit previous commits' messages only
How to echo content into a series of new file generated by cat
replacement of a string in xml
I Node and Data Retrieval
SSL and programs like wget,curl with https on hpux
FreeBSD 11.2 - Default resolution on console window
Cant preseed grub-installer/bootdev
Why does this for loop ignore my variable?
How to go back to entering the ssh key password in the terminal
How can I logically AND two selection conditions in ps?
Linux Service Cannot Open Display
IPv6-subnets with systemd-networkd
Run docker-compose after reboot on RHEL 7
Get time of the last session in seconds
Why do tilde prefixes expand prior to assignment, but braces don't
Filter files by string timestamp in filename
Debian Stretch: Samba Winbind Offline Logon Not working - kerberos keytab not persistent after reboot?
Possible to get sshd (openssh) to log the public key of failed key based login attempts?
CentOS Apache Configuration
What is the output of "du" command during a long copy?
Difference between Kali Linux 2.0 mini and Light
Why are certain naming conventions so inconsistent in Linux?
Bash cannot act as nobody and nogroup?
How to login as superuser\administrator in Scientific Linux 6 LiveCD?
chpasswd apply changes in the chroot directory
Dual boot linux mint 17 with Windows 8
Debian Testing SDDM Does not Log In Users
Allow username input sddm (LDAP/Kerberos)
OpenVPN is working but not DNS resolution
Odd syntax for ssh and bash to run command
Can I ignore __pycache__ directories in bash-completion and grep?
Strange ascii from hexdump of text file
Run for loop with sections of different behavior
Byobu - New window with same ssh session?
allow non-root user to run programs compiled by root in /root/bin
Killing grouped sessions on client detach
How do I adjust the screen resolution for my Debian 8.1 64-bit VirtualBox machine?
vim how to unabbreviate
How to install AMD Catalyst 15.7 (fglrx 15.20.1046) on Kali 2.0 (Sana)?
How to use awk or sed to convert rows to columns
File contents created when opened
How to run free command by crontab
How to chainload from usermode?
join two files based on column when there is no one-to-one correspondence in bash script (awk, grep , sed)
Redirect rule for Apache : Adding www to URL
How to implement RAID 6 over different nodes on the network
Is there a way to execute code in the command line prompt (PS1) without using backticks?
'rsync' batch mode
host_vars not working in Ansible
How does `screen` actually work?
CentOS 7 - When THP is disabled is it safe to ignore defrag setting?
ssh: connect to host ipaddress port 22: Operation not permitted
Can I do programming on Linux puppy?
VMWare error with Kali Linux
How to capture only the stderror in this bash script?
rEFInd very slow to load initramfs
opensuse tumbleweed cannot install latest version of opencv
Create a 7z archive without compression using Ark
Install kernel 4.3.5 in Debian Jessie
Launch openvpn from a sell script
grep command to match the character required
Can a Linux 'case' statement have an 'or' concept?
Strange behavior of paste
Unable to redirect standard error of openmpi in csh to file
How to grant sudo access to users abc,def,ghi on user jkl
How to unpack .tar.gz.md5 file in Linux?
OpenBSD Supported Hardware
`ps | grep | kill` aborts my script prematurely
Accessing multiple wifi networks simultaneously from debian wheezy
Keyboard shortcut to switch files in one Emacs instance?
iptables: recent module
Why aren't CD image files listed when mounted in current directory?
SED Showing CRLF While Vim Not Showing
How to make Ctrl+PgUp and Ctrl+PgDn change window tabs
How do I set affinity of a particular thread on FreeBSD?
Firewall distro to share bandwidth evenly between connected users
How to install GNU/Linux on a Windows PC without the BIOS password?
Can iptables be used to convert a single-homed host into a NAT server?
hook a script to apt-get
IPTables - Port to another ip & port (from the inside)
Linux Mint Cinnamon - AR9485 Wireless Network Adapter keeps on disconnecting
port forwarding to application in network namespace with vpn
How to delete the rest of each line after a certain pattern or a string in a file?
ps - what is the difference between -o comm and -o command?
Remove filesystem from an unpartitioned disk
Symlink to file which does not exist yet
Munin stopped sending email alerts
Pass Array to SSH Connection
Is it possible to save the output of a previous command on file?
How to scan with Canon integrated scanner when I have the 'scangearmp' drivers?
Block Internet access, but not network access for a user
How to preserve mime type in CUPS forwarding?
Change keyboard layout when using a keyboard or other
Unable to mount USB media in sagem fast3304 V2 router (busybox v1.01 inside)
BASH how to save output of rm with timestamp?
How can I print to a remote LPD print server, without locally installing CUPS server
How to force ssh connection to exit at end of script
Why does bashrc check whether the current shell is interactive?
TSM refusing to back up subdirectories on one partition but not others
I'm setting up an IRCd on My VPS. How do I open up the normal IRC ports?
how to give yes as default option to apt-get install in ubuntu
Grub seems to don't load its config from grub.cfg
Thunderbird SMIME certificate not imported automatically
How to disable suspend on close laptop lid on NixOS?
SSH Key Permissions Chmod settings?
How is shared library ASLR implemented in the Linux Kernel?
How does OSX handle Out of Memory conditions?
How does a Segmentation Fault work under-the-hood?
raid5 array reassembles as raid0
Mirror to Multiple Ports Using TC?
how to install yum in centos6.6
How to grep for text in man pages?
Unable to play Deezer music on Firefox on Ubuntu
Missing LVM tools in Debian 10
IPTables Forwarding and MASQ not working
monit:3: syntax error '='
Adding columns to data
How to completely disable header from/to/cc modifications aka Masquerade in Sendmail?
Are there drawbacks (security or otherwise) to using 'su <user>' into a lesser-priveleged user to start a web application?
Bash - argument list too long
Create bootable and writeable Fedora USB-Stick
How to ensure that GRUB is booted by default, not Windows
Test if values in file1 are contained in column5 of another file
Why would the command "ls *" generate an error about invalid options?
.xstartup for KDE
How to monitor python script using monit
editrc: changing keybindings in /etc/editrc
Stop sshd and kill ongoing connections
How to write scripts that create multiple terminal panes, like tmux?
Linux - How to find a file with a keyword on a Windows network share
Creating a virtual adapter and running all traffic through SOCKS5 / SSH (Debian)
goaccess won't run when called from CGI script
Is a virtual console considered a process running on the OS kernel?
Where does "graphical shell" stand in the hierarchy of "windowing system, window manager, desktop environment"?
Configuring OpenVPN to use Firewalld instead of iptables on Centos 7
Resume from Suspend/Hibernate issues
Shell script to work on files in some directory
How to create a bootable USB with Windows?
Just installed Debian - Having trouble connecting to wireless network
Executing a shell on remote unix server through jumphost from local machine
Clone installed system by using the hardware RAID 0+1 synchronization
what does the dash `-` before `bash` on 'command not found' errors mean?
Bash: Convert Multi-line output to Single line
How to pass string (not file) to openssl?
find words with all vowels in order from a file
Centos - executing a bash script from PHP
how to access the running VMs?
Folder with ONLY write permission is useless... right?
Names of copied files from USB device to HDD have all become uppercase. How to fix it?
Convert file with integers written in ascii to binary file of integers
Modify $READLINE_LINE and $READLINE_POINT values inside bash script
Can you further integrate and present sequential moreutils vipe command output in vim using successive splits etc?
cannot find device "eth0"
Google App Engine alternative for CentOS, Fedora, Ubuntu?
Why is the 'if [ $1="1" ]' branch always selected even if $1 is not 1?
refresh changed content of file opened in vi(m)
How shall I pass two groups of arguments from a shell script to two commands?
Equalizer APO Equivalent for Linux
Systemd unit not found after OS crash and hard reboot
GNOME 3: Changing datetime format for lock screen?
How can I parse the output of `ps` to different fields?
Dell XPS 15 9550 - Bluetooth will not connect to anything
Linux Bash and Scripting - Count rows from text file
bash script that will go through all files in a directory listed as as the first argument
Reading variable from another file into bash
Does process substitution need to be double quoted?
Merge multiple .bash_history files with timestamps
Require command line argument for script to run
bash array with space in element
What exactly does `ps -p PID` do that `ps -q PID` does not?
Use sed to prefix and suffix multiple strings per line
Enabling I2S on Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 board
No boot option after Linux Mint installation (dual boot)
Diagnosing very frequent crashes with new OS installation // Old OS very stable GPU compatibility issue
How to execute a bash script when my systemd service crashes?
Remove last digit from string
Upgrade from Ubuntu 17.10 to 18.04 Broke Texstudio/Qt
Why doesn't `netstat` show Screen client but only Screen server process?
Is a terminal emulator process a server?
What is the server-client relationship between a terminal emulator, a window manager and a X server processes?
ssh port forwarding with custom host name
Sorting filenames uniquely
Debian Stretch auto login on boot
Regular expression used in sed not giving the desired result between intervals
Can't launch GIMP pre-installed via Flatpak on Linux Mint 19, how to debug?
GPG: [E] subkey's public key is the same as master's public key?
shell script at ssh login screen
What happens if we, recursively, change folder permissions after changing files in it?
How can I write out the path of 0 size files
Do "OneShot" systemd services not related to boot/shutdown have a timeout by default?
update params of variable ksh88
Tool that can be piped into to require a confirmation prompt
How to exclude some files from filename expansion mechanism in bash?
mkdosfs to format dashcam SD card FAT32 with 32kb cluster size
How to source a .csh file as well as open xilinx application in the terminal?
How to report current usage for a user on ulimits aka pam_limits etc?
Get text between start pattern and end pattern based on pattern between start and end pattern
bash - Separate "table" values into strings in array
rpcbind.service won't start
How is software compiled and ported over to Ubuntu?
i3 dmenu does not browse $PATH
Show a text overlay on top of applications, e.g. for screencast or presentation
unable to receive logs on CentOS 7.3 from remote devices
Difference between 'trap -⁠- EXIT' and 'trap - EXIT'
Need to capture stdout and modify variable by reference from function in bash
How to extract multiple pattern from each line with sed, awk, or grep
Cent OS USB wireless adapter recognized as ethernet
Will apt-get dist-upgrade -y confirm updates with verification issues?
How to switch to other Linux distro and keep data?
NGINX is reading files with Apache permission, is it wrong?
Delete specified range of line number from a text file using sed from within PHP
Installing Guake in Anaconda Environment
Create encrypted partition on existing drive with one primary partition while keeping data
Allow ip from a game server
MacOS: USB history (name and timestamp of connected devices)
What are the responsibilities of the default system shell?
How to select and output text in a string
Using apt-get in mac Terminal
OpenVPN strange behavior
Triple dot wildcards
How to setup x11 touchscreen in linux desktop?
Hot swapping a mirrored disk on a HP UX
Using AWK to Print Output of Combination of Unspecified Number of Files
How to extract a part of file name in unix/linux shell script
Reading multiple files one line at a time in bash
kernel panic - get log
how partition for OpenSuSE dual-boot
How strong is the encryption of a zip file in Linux Mint
"no valid bootloader target device" when installing Fedora using anaconda
Cannot change bash shell in Mac OS X
Tech expert says you are much safer using Windows than Fedora.
question about installing Rally on OpenStack
how to find out the full path of the command from the result of lsof -i
how to print certain text in a line
Java process gets killed frequently by OOM - Killer on upgraded hardware
How do I troubleshoot networking on Debian
Trim audio file using start and stop times
How to install webkitgtk1 on RHEL7
Does jps lie? If not, what else is this?
Linux Cluster - SFTP between failed over Servers
sort order explanation
Cinnamon / closing two Chrome tabs instead of one
Cinnamon / open folders with single or double clicks
Activate-noawait ldconfig trigger for runtime library package
User mode Linux can't run – It aborts immediatly after execution
Nginx, Let's encrypt cause error redirect http to https partially
How can I unload a filesystem module in a RHEL 7 server in order to harden it?
Remove multiple CIFS shares using for loop in AIX
NFS client resetting another NFS client file pointer
resolv.conf always query both servers
How to move lines containing specific strings to top of file?
occasional boot fail because of error in starting Network Manager
Use meta/super/windows/whatever key to open KDE Plasma's application launcher (KDE Plasma + i3)
Jenkins how to catch error in script
How to move lines containing specific text to top of file in same order as code executed?
Are `-L1` and `-n 1` the same for `xargs`?
Linux respond with source address of a virtual interface
Getting strange LD_PRELOAD errors and missing include files - is my distro busted?
refuse to cp/rsync/etc some files with strange characters
Is it possible to run a bash command from Windows via a samba connection?
Half-installed package nightmare - how to fix?
Thinkpad X240 middle scroll on Xubuntu 18.04
Ubuntu: apt-get update
How to display directory in the prompt?
Why does linux recognise a C# .cs file as a C++ source file?
Trap and collect script output, "input file is output file" error?
Fontconfig question about font substitution order
how do I find which packages build-depend on a certain package
What does the “MISSING” directive mean in a dircolors file?
How to route all snmp request to remote deivces from a local machine through a proxy server
What does "Trailing blanks cause an input line to be logically continued on the next input line" mean?
Symbolic link not working on nginx
Custom /etc/init.d/puma script - What is being executed when invoked with start/stop/...?
Unable to install any package in Ubuntu 16.04
Gnome freeze when click on "parameters"
How can I put the /user.slice under the /system.slice?
How to get date as a run time variable in Linux
Split file into separate cells of excel based on pattern
Regarding PAM via ldap
Forwarding syslog-ng logs over TLS
How to determine the Patch Level of a RedH at Enterprise Linux (RHEL) Installation?
How does Zypper find the required packages in the repository?
Git unstash all files from list
Squid Transparent issue
Can't start the SSH service in CentOS V6.9
How to undo after patch is applied? .rej/.orig files
Ubuntu Telnet problem
replacing a part of row name by sample name
File system for Pipe Device
Are there any tools to monitor network requests at very low-level?
Remount as read only is showing busy , how to remount as read only safely?
AWK / String manipulation: How to pull strings out from a column and compare it with a number before printing the row
What is -- and -td options on ls command?
Ctrl+Alt+Backspace to kill X server can't be disabled
What is X Window System?
Moving from InnoDB to TokuDB
Zentyal dpkg dependecy install problems because packages are not configured
How to configure up arrow to get to the previous command in maxima?
How to determine a log's source process spawned from a systemd service?
How to undo `set -x`?
Shell script: whole directory to the remote ftp server
Echoing Total Page Number in Bash Script
How to enable/disable a serial port?
How to add aac and libx264 to FFmpeg installation?
Can I make "less" execute arbitrary commands with a single key sequence?
How to make awesomewm textclock reflect timezone change?
Remove icons in gnome application menu
Disable glob qualifiers in zsh
Keymaping for re-indent source code in Vim
How would you assign read-only permissions to run ls -l /proc/{pid}/fd for processes you don't own
What should I set my locale to and what are the implications of doing so?
Getting expr: syntax error on index
Unable to access an http sevice forwarded using ssh
repair the static route to allow traffic to right place
Qt Application Disobeying Xmodmap
Insert Lines after Multi-Line Regex Match
Firefox discards URL when server connection times out or fails
How to set the prompt and tab-title on Gnome-Shell (Gnome 3, centos 7)
load module via /etc/modules
Xorg with Kernel Mode Settings won't work with other tty
Why does ls accept duplicate switches?
Is there a search utility which can binary split search a large sorted (sequential) text file?
How do I configure SELinux to allow outbound connections from a CGI script?
How can I use my server to compile a kernel for my laptop?
Can a Gnome Terminal profile use UTF-8 by default?
How to recover a crashed Linux md RAID5 array?
Is locking the screen safe?
Install grub on hard disk used in another system
Why can't I use arrow keys in terminal on Debian 6? (nonroot)
What directories/file permissions should i ensure are set?
Is there any chance that some of these processes are malicious?
Reinstall Fedora, keep files?
How can I configure SELinux when the semanage command isn't found?
partitions problem with Debian Squeeze and Windows 7 (Partition 1 does not end on cylinder boundary)
How do I disable remote root login via ssh?
How do I create a separate partition for my /home directory?
Recommended way to login to root?
Trouble with grep -o regex
Loop a list through awk
Why isn't a straightforward 1/5/15 minute moving average used in Linux load calculation?
Using emacsclient with custom emacs in $PATH
How to compare usage of memory by Window Managers?
Strip spaces after single capital letters with sed
How can I trim the carriage return from text that is being piped in bash?
How to install Gnome 3 on Debian Squeeze (Gnome 2)?
How to find information about the RAM using the Terminal?
Printing failure at a network printer in linux
What is the best text-mode web browser?
How do I correlate /dev/sd devices to the hardware they represent?
Where is best place to find sources of standard linux command line tools?
How to get the maximum virtual set size of a unix process during its lifetime?
What's the fastest (CPU time) way to get my current git branch?
How to link Requires to BuildRequires in rpm spec?
View a remote Ubuntu desktop from Windows 7
How to do a regex search in a UTF-16LE file while in a UTF-8 locale?
PHP Bash error suppresion
how do I enable fluxbox instead of Gnome by default in Ubuntu
Network issue in vsat
Linux flavor for beginners
Can tar archive files in parallel?
Selection of line from pattern, replacement with new line and incrementing number for each change
Awesome TM gnome-screensaver lockscreen command not working
Intel Ethernet Connection I219-V not working under Linux on an ASUSPRO B laptop, e1000e driver reports: "The NVM Checksum Is Not Valid"
chown doesn't work through script
Installing elinks on OSX
Failed UDEV rules test on Oracle Linux 7
Why can't I ping my cloud server IP running Nginx from my windows box?
How to create website in Apache 2 Debian 8?
git retains remote information from a deleted repository
HP DisplayPort Dual Monitor Setup with Fedora
/bin/ls: Argument list too long
How to print a pattern of text in color?
How to completely block ssh and pings to server running Oracle Linux 6.7
Kali Linux inverted scroll direction
Is KDE 5 on Debian Stretch broken?
Difference between "install" and "installed" in dpkg.log
CIFS mount through fstab not mounting at boot
How to Tar Much With Big .tar Parts on vfat?
Will transferring an SVN repository dump form Linux to Windows cause EOL problems?
Is it possible to run a Vim clientserver instance over SSH+tmux
How does the shell filename expansion delimit items within a ( * ) list?
Difference between process group and job?
Power management hook for running scripts on wake
How can I use Synergy when connected through different routers?
RPM Build error : D: May free Score board((nil))
How to mount FreeBSD 9.0 iso file writable mode?
Solaris disk failed, how to remove it?
How to repeat currently typed in parameter on bash console?
How to know whether the Linux driver for the real-time network device was built into the kernel?
Installing a gedit plugin on Fedora
How to know if /dev/sdX is a connected USB or HDD?
How to make a program which run from shell still live after close terminal?
Lightest Debian Linux Distribution : Console Only - StandAlone (not net install)
Running two animations side-by-side using ImageMagick
Connection ec2 instance operation timeout error using ssh
Equivalent of nfsstat -m on older kernel
Running a query without the OS cache
Re-install ssh-keygen on unix/mac
Command line utility to read vCalendar files
Mercurial (hg) not respecting default ACL settings
systemd rejecting with 'more than one ExecStart= setting'
How to use grep to get the matching part only, without introducing extra newlines
Is /etc/init.d/hostname.sh still an option for debian stretch?
host not pinging guest VM
Need to read a file and use results as command line arguments in a shell scrip
What is the meaning of "curl -k -i -X" in Linux?
Remap an apparently non-standard multimedia key
How to combine columns of two files, remove duplicates, and fill in missing lines
What is `bash -x`
Why my VM is adding backslash on every backslash in recent command
Transfer old log files before they are deleted by logrotate
journald for systemd user services
DNS for guest VMs
Is it possible to store the password requested by webdav in .davfs2/secrets already encrypted?
How to check if an uppercase letter follows a specific pattern in a line?
How to grep all value starting with "sg" in my case
Pick the specific file in the folder in linux
Unable to use bluetooth on my device
How do I go into the Fedora interface window?
Can't access a folder with sudo
Epel Repo is installed but desired packagesnot found
How can I list all user names and/or home directories?
How can I find space occupied by the incoming files for a date range,
How do I copy a file from a usb to a folder in CentOS 7
Service stops Automatically
System becomes unresponsive on lock screen - how to debug?
How set the "oom_score_adj" when(before) run target program?
Loading OpenSSH certificate into ssh-agent without the private key
How to extract specific pattern from a file in HP-UX
Grep word matching
Free BSD/ Mac OS X Sed: Print regex match and the line 5 lines after the match
Why do some scripts need constant re-sourcing during debian init?
cntlm: the request was denied
CentOS 6.5 Login Screen GDM Issues
Shortening build command
Where does Kali Linux mount smb shares
Ext4 - How to enable extra sanity, checksums, validations, tests of any kind?
Trimming Filenames from the end
How to Change Size of Desktop
Unbootable system, uneditable boot options
Debian Squeeze: hide xorg start messages
Embedded Linux: Which machine directory to pick in /arch/arm?
Is there any way to do a CentOS minimal install without LVM / ext4?
How to upgrade TurnKey Linux 12.1 to 13.0
How to make Lynx COLUMN width infinite?
installing nvidia driver on archLinux and mining dogecoin
Prefixing and appending blocks of text to a list of files
Same file with different content on every read
Xinerama configuration on OpenSuse
Using bash "&" operator with ";" delineator?
Lenovo ThinkPad s440 network
I need a program to read the US Census's geodatabase files
How to batch convert bitmaps to SVGs?
How to change mount points
best bittorrent client on Linux
Please recommend a GUI telnet client
Rolling back a file
Display command in xterm titlebar
Kill child-parent processes in a single command
How can I compile unclutter to my embedded linux?
Crontab syntax: using '*' for minutes value
How do I reuse the last output from the command line?
How to wget a file to a remote machine over SSH?
Linux kernel support for USB gamepads?
Compare files that are in directory 1 but not directory 2?
USB storage devices aren't automatically mounted when inserted on a fresh install of Debian 6.0
Skills required for a good Linux job
What is excessive swapping
Why does "xdg-open" fail although "xdg-mime query defaut " succeeds on Ubuntu 10.10?
why “xdg-open” fails although “xdg-mime query defaut ” succeeds on Ubuntu 10.10?
Establish openvpn tunnel in bash script
Where to apply xmodmap for systemwide usage?
Is there a glibc API that can find the default handing application for a MIME type on linux?
Benefiting of sched_autogroup_enabled on the desktop
What tools allow me to present man pages as formatted HTML on a web server?
How to determine if two devices are connected in network?
Cloud Server: Which MTA (exim/postfix/etc.) on What OS (Linux/FreeBSD)
Getting shifted movement and editing keys to work on the console
Error assembling mdadm RAID1 after resizing underlying partitions
Unable to boot from a bootable USB drive on a machine where Win 10 is installed already to be able to start installing Linux
How to determine current SELinux context within a script
unbind port of crashed program
How to sort or uniq a live feed
[[ and case equivalency in bash
Xvfb stuck at "built-in extension GLX" on Amazon Linux
Comparing two files and printing the content
Pausing terminal output
What does ls -alh mean?
OpenSuse - network problems
How to recover a screen session?
Is there any way to Install postgres from Binary in linux machine irrespective of Linux build(Debian/CentOS/others)
What is the bash '<(file contents)' syntax called?
Execute command within current shell before every prompt
Where can I find the most recent dictionary of standard Linux Audit event fields?
howto login into system with LDAP creds when server with LDAP is offline
Postfix ignoring pcre login maps for sender
Table - Replace values of a column
"df -h" unable to show the command output on a Linux System
Surprisingly big overhead when creating small ubifs volume
Current SSH connection properties (cipher, auth type, timeout, etc)
xargs give me error cannot open `{}' (No such file or directory)
df -h command output in HTML format with specific columns
Does a context switch occurs when an interrupt is fired?
How to increment column using AWK
Where does SSH pull autocompletion from?
Where does Linux set the default values for SHMMAX?
How to share folders into two Ubuntu distributions in a dual-boot?
Debian installer mentioned that unused LVM VG and LV will be "formatted"
Why can't I delete these array items in jq?
Where does the kernel keep the serial port config?
A bash/zsh script isn't getting invoked from a terminal in FreeBsd, neither in bash nor in zsh
How to disable the RC4 for my SSL server behind ELB?
Is chromium spying on me?
How can I update a unique string in a shell-script with the output of a seperate function?
Some letters on my Turkish-layout keyboard don't work on Fedora
Horrible input sound on any distro
Glitchy Debian Install screen - both standard and graphical
sed to append at specific line within certain limit only
Get the last element of a row, separated with ;
DEAUTH_LEAVING error
How do I get a list of the ports which belong to preconfigured firewall-cmd services?
Tmux not loading statusbar config till reload
What happens to a TCP connection when the network is abruptly terminated
Update OpenSSH on RHEL 5.5
No signal on monitor if no device is attached to HDMI port during boot
trying to install chef-client package via local yum repo
Replacement for cap-bound
Transform row of integer into multi-column output
Does rsync over any type of checksum?
Adding recursive entries into `/etc/hosts`
/usr/bin/time command -v not working
merge two different files having different line number of lines
Why is my Systemd unit arkos-redis loaded, but inactive (dead)?
When will dpkg delete directories?
WiFi frequently drops, suspected driver issue
Have cron check if the bash script is executing
Bash is not sourcing ~/.bash_profile on OSX
What is the correct way of inserting \u using sed?
Adjust volume using mouse multimedia buttons
Does `ntfs` have the concept of hard links?
How to move multiples files to remote server using rsync?
Why does using array and for loop breaks line into 2?
change source address of outgoing traffic on specific ports
“Unable to locate package” while trying to install packages with APT
How to batch rename files and convert datestamp from DD-MM-YYYY to YYYY-MM-DD?
Zsh redirect to /dev/null and pipe
How to set different rules to multiple IPs on the same interface?
UPCapture a part of a window
IPv6 addressing, dynamic prefix static local part
Redirect from nc & copy server output
LUKS Container creation error: no loop device
Can I send a keyboard shortcut to two applications (e.g. Audacity and VLC) and at the same time?
How to mount shared folder from VirtualBox at boot time in Debian
Display manager on multiple tty
Fedora 25 LiveUSB can't boot on Dell XPS 13 (9343)
Windows program claims no disk free space under Wine
CentOS : need to allow 8080 port in iptables
How to send to virtual serial port, and read from another program?
How to make a script toggle between two commands when it is executed?
Subshell for Bash Script
How to replace variables strings with special characters in sed
How to shutdown and restart dirmngr?
Install R package in Unix
Why does the `reset` command include a delay?
How to extract and stitch together a multipart tar arcvhive without the initial file
force loading completion function for zsh (without forcing its execution by hitting tab)
How to copy directory and ignore errors
Move directories despite of errors
Get output from mplayer slave mode to file
Latest Ubuntu and Secure Boot
gnupg 2.1.16: --with-fingerprint no longer works to show fingerprints
How to add additional keyboard layouts in Manjaro?
iptables is preventing ssh to aws ec2 instance
latest nVidia driver but cannot change resolution
Arch linux boot goes into black screen on laptop with Intel HD onboard graphics
XFCE - Run a shortcut as root, without password
FFMPEG Merging Script Error
t450s Broadwell Linux system hangs repeatedly in X11
Grep command that finds/excludes all line where a separator character appears a certain number of times?
Redirect traffic destined for IP and port
UTF-8 support for Monaco font on linux
module scsi_wait_scan not found on CentOS kernel-ml causes kernel panic on boot
Set up a sound client "server"
How can I disable auto scrolling in gnome terminal?
Understanding free -m Memory Usage
Merge columns with the same value with awk
BTRFS send only new files without deleting anything on remote
How to print a specific column with awk on a remote ssh session?
How can I create an union merging / and another directory, on / itself?
exiv2 piped to grep - random inconsistent behavior
How to start a new shell, pass it new environment variables, and work there until exit?
Pemission denied when trying to create a directory
How to print all MAC addresses of devices interacting with wifis in my area to stdout
Bash scripting: Change standard error message for custom one
After updating the Red Hat server kernel to latest version it still shows as old version
mv .. with path: Where does my file go?
How to compile wget or curl with https support statically on armv5tejl?
Mouse click integration with SSH client, on command line, not just vim?
Delete last line of gz file
RPM Spec file seeing single command as two?
lsyncd Error: There can only be one config file in command line. Ubuntu
Systemd networking service fails because of unknown interface
Difference in cat sth vs cat < sth
Hide activity events at startup
how to trim a date to format of 00/00/0000?
How to properly set ALSA mic input on jesse linux image
Computing standard deviation with a known mean
How to make a redirection loop
When compiling, can I use a file for ./configure options?
Build my own firewall, in Java or other high-level language?
How to set up NAT on the host for virtual machines in Fedora 23 with Firewalld, in order to make them visible to other devices on the network?
Monitor SSH attempts in Windows Subsystem Linux
Update rows by referring another file
What's the proper way to clear the cache of the surf browser?
spin_lock vs. spin_lock_irq vs. spin_lock_irqsave
How to operate on a directory with different owner from a script?
Assign the same string to multiple variables
Configure APT repositories using DEB package
Listen to a folder and modify incoming files on change
yum install npm fails with failure: repodata/repomd.xml from pgdg10
Why does my date output have "STD" as the time zone?
SCSI: SAN or local disk?
Burning a Linux Ubuntu bootable USB with dd
Sudden shutdowns on Ubuntu 18.04 Acer Laptop
Nginx Failing to Start
read file and based on criterion print desire output
Automatic rmmod / modprobe based on dmesg parsing
How can i get alerted when EFS is unmounted fro Linux EC2 instance?
Creating a private image in LXD
Using XFCE4, how can select whether to use XFWM4 or Compton for composting?
SVP Vapoursynth configure: error: C++11 support required
shebang with /usr/bin/env and sudo
rsync while ignoring missing files. Problems with --exclude-from flag and invalid characters written to log
incron doesn't execute command
Security implications of changing “perf_event_paranoid”
xflock4 (lock screen) will shutdown
criu: hello-world not working
Vapoursynth installation problems
"systemctl start" does not start a reverse dependent unit while "systemctl restart" does
Is there a way to check that a Linux O.S. has been installed a specific manner?
Weak WiFi signal on Macbook pro 2017 with dongle and airport on Kali Linux and Tails
PiVPN and Stunnel
wget -i notifying when each file finishes (for processing purposes)
What is the logic of using $($(nproc) + 1) in make command?
netstat lists ip addresses not found in "ip address list" or ifconfig--what's going on?
setup.sh script under z/OS unix fails with "FSUM7332 syntax error: got (, expecting Newline"
Storage object access with docker FTP getting error 550
How to group a string that has multiple words with awk? (Prints lines between 2 patterns)
Start a VPN connection with PPTP protocol on command line
Find only the matched pattern in a CSV file
Moved files, but freed space still won't show
Precedence of logical operators versus semicolon
Java: command not found for CentOS Linux release 7.3.1611
Why Gedit's hash symbol is expanded and interpreted wrongly in internet browsers?
Lock Usb Flash-Drive on Ubuntu Linux
Test if a string contains a substring
1 FastCGI sent in stderr: "PHP message: PHP Fatal error: session_start(): Failed to initialize storage module:
Install packages into a custom Alpine Linux ISO?
Changing text from the Linux command line
Send raw message with mailx command
How to grep + show only the 7 most recently modified files?
Unable to redirect IO output in FreeBsd
How to move LVM to new server
Windows won't boot after booting once to Linux Mint from grub
Confusion regarding #interrupt-cells configuration on PCA9555 expander
Install Headers on Kali
Installing Debian packages as unprivileged user
BTRFS: Adding new hard drive as /home after installation
What services accept tcp connection?
how to specify editor for `sudo netctl edit`?
where does shared objects go after installing and how to find out their names
How can I clear the terminal with other made-up commands?
How do I launch the daytime service?
Openssl command s_client always says 400 Bad Request
Headless - Can't SSH Anymore
Create a url file with multiple links
Do you need to reload after adding a rule in ufw?
How did the ~/.local/bin thing start? How widespread is it?
How to add GRUBs advanced options to Grub 2's landing page?
Rancid keeps sending to the wrong addresses after changing aliases
sed? - Insert line after a string with special characters to Neutron service
Grep / awk on multiple files to single output
Input redirection using command and options
Merging 2 files and keeping the one duplicate
Ruby with Tk in Gentoo
Increase font size on Eterm terminal
How can I exclude the lines which matche the range patterns in sed?
Adding vmlinuz to EFI boot adds an unbootable japanese caracter to the boot menu
Change default terminal emulator on Debian
bash multi-threads
writing output of xbacklight -get to a variable in a bash script
make + bash: setting environment variables on command line doesn't work
openSSL Key and Certificate
How to redirect linux command outputs to specific row and column in csv?
Autoexpect hangs at the end of the script
How can I force the console to output to something other than the framebuffer?
x2go printer sharing trouble
FDT relocated by U-Boot cannot be accessed by Linux (in highmem)
How do I migrate boot+root LVM onto another drive
NetworkManager Hotspot vs. HostAPD
LVM Logical Volume with initially adjacent Extends but extendable with nonadjacent Extends
Extract and print string between two patterns
Fail to boot: mounting `/boot/efi` raises "IO charset iso8859-1 not found"
How to disable binary cache for nix-env?
Does GNU grep's -o option ignore zero-length matches?
Skype doesn't start anymore
What does `/proc/irq/.../spurious` contain?
Permission denied on dnf search since update to fedora 26
Ubuntu 16.04: Erroneously executed `mv` with `~/*` as target and can't understand the outcome
How to resolve /dev/disk/by-* to device in a shell script?
Do I need to run 'btrfs balance' occasionally if I have RAID1 btrfs?
how to to bridge two networks and packet alteration
Category of the Debian Jessie (8) to download for the VirtualBox
Where are the commands available in the man page window documented, and are these commands system-dependent?
RJ-45 <-> RS-232, can I substitute the RS-232 side and abuse my Ethernet port as COM port?
make a 2nd root?
Map "windows" key on keyboard to "ctrl"
How to read one filesystem from a whole disk image file?
Measuring the length of a curved line
How can I watch Netflix on Linux?
How can I run Firefox on Linux headlessly (i.e. without requiring libgtk-x11-2.0.so.0)?
Power management hook for running *X11* scripts on wake
Can I get an 8-bit clean connection with 'socat'?
Is there a one-liner that allows me to create a directory and move into it at the same time?
How do I find text within a file and have it search multiple subfolders?
Tmux viewport caused by multiple concurrent sessions
Zero-fill numbers to 2 digits with sed
What program do I use to check mail?
Centos or Scientific Linux
How to open a file in an existing emacs process from command line?
xmessage over ssh
How can I restore my linux?
ungrabbing keys
Does SELinux provide enough extra security to be worth the hassle of learning/setting it up?
Memory management principle used by Linux
vim: use string from search in replace command
Which version of openSUSE is closest to SLES11SP1
How to use the EXTRA_FIRMWARE_DIR kernel option?
Google Chrome Monospace Fonts Hard to Read
Copy a directory to external HDD
Support of USN Journal (change journal) in NTFS-3G driver
Why is Vim eating up Ctrl when used with Ctrl+v and how to fix it?
Find files and specify some to come first in playlist, and the rest in random order?
Iterate lines of string variable in bash
Building mips package on amd64: Exec format error chroot: failed to run command 'mount'
find n most frequent words in txt file using the terminal but with the cat, "grep ." and tr -d "/r" commands
How to fix a corrupt .profile file for sudo user
Why does killall command kill only one instance of the process?
cd into last alphanumeric directory
Plain text passwords and application authentication compared to Windows
The discrimination between short and long option is only `-`?
SIGINT handling differences between bash 3 and 4
How to keep gnuplot-x11 graph window open until manually closed?
Mount point doesn't exist, make directory, then "File exists" error
How does the -d option to bash read work?
Kdump.service FAILED centOS 7
Kali Linux: Non root user logging in as root WITHOUT special permissions
How are setuid, suid, sudo, and su all related?
Format a USB drive as unprivileged user
get target file size by symlink on cifs share
How can I boot DragonFly BSD (HAMMER) with GRUB 2 on a MBR disk?
Replace environment variables in a file with their actual values?
"-bash: warning: setlocale: LC_ALL: cannot change locale (en_US.UTF-8)"
ecryptfs-setup-private failing on Centos 6
Can GPM be used in a teminal emulator?
Text Manipulation: Removing values x <= $input from sorted list & generalizing
read patterns from file1 and search them iteratively in file2
How do I get vendor-given name of my video card?
cancel script execution and continue
NetworkManager wireless connection fails to connect
How to print same lines multiple times with variables changed using Sed/Awk/ anything?
how to set globstar for noninteractive shells
hplip 3.16.2: no installed HP device found (while CUPS finds it)
How can I install Nginx 1.8.0 on SMP Debian 7 (3.2.81-1)
Escalate permissions through a background shell script
Debian Jessie: When will packages with status "id" be deleted?
What is the exact difference between a .login and .cshrc file?
Autocomplete deletes last character from words sometimes
How do I inform Firefox about a change in the X server resource database?
How does one disable an option enabled by default in Kconfig?
Can I open an editor as part of a piping command to edit the piped string?
DD Fedora 20 VM from remote host
bash readline inputrc: bind key to a sequence of multiple commands
How to turn off a notification coming from a website?
Is there a limit to the number of FTDI connections on Debian 9?
Inside a bash function, how should I pipe output to a python program without invoking the python program, at definition time?
Power off server after 24 h in suspend-to-ram mode
How will I write these bash commands in python
Using awk to sum the values of a column, based on the values of other columns
bash chained logical operator execution order, lazy evaluation
Command to copy 20000 small files in 40 diferent directories
bash extglob: Should the order of patterns in a pattern list matter?
Key binding to swap shell foreground/background jobs
ufw & iptables don't block incoming connection
How do you unsplit all split panes in tmux?
Check if the file size greater than 1MB using IF condition
How to configure the specified repository for only one package?
Accessing a samba share, a symlink, on host, to a folder, appears as an empty folder
How to know why a service was restarted by systemd?
Valgrind crashes in Qt Creator, related to video card?
Systemd start script fails with exit code 127
email client that has the ability to add follow up flag while sending an email
How to use Legacy Graphics Acceleator with Current Linux OS
bind home and other folders to casper-rw
How to avoid systemd PID conflict after crash?
How to make Android MTP in CentOS7 available for all users?
Swapping backslash and backspace keybindings Ubuntu 16.04 LTS
Pass a string or array as arguments in bash
list directory recursively, with subpath, and leaf nodes (files) first (for batch renaming part of filenames)?
DEBUG trap statement in ksh93 not executed after first run if it contains exit or return statements
Device node in /dev for a smart card reader
What is replacement of .deb packages to automatically install dependency in Ubuntu?
What's the easiest way to sort a list like this
Gentoo portage. How to find out why some particular package is installed?
How do I form a new string from a parsed CSV line?
Hosting multiple apps on Nginx Ubuntu 14.04
Can the logrotate descriptor handle multiple wildcards?
How can I run patch through a heredoc in bash?
is it possible to create partition table inside crypt mapper?
How can I create a Bash conditional script, based on output from a command?
Does postgresql by default have a database named `postgres`?
Use sed to fix weird symbols on tex file generated by publish function from miscellaneous Octave package
How does hostname resolution / lookup happen in Linux?
Using sed to clean up long paths in log files
TAB autocomplete on sudo sh
Postfix: 554 5.7.1 Relay Access Denied
Identifying MaxSpeed of a Bonded Interface
Alt+tab key not working in NX client for linux
how to solve ports dependencies conflict
how to sort access log efficiently in blocks
Errors in Syslog
How to remove a locally installed library?
Is grandchild process also child process?
Recovering partitioning information from block devices
Make use of second hard drive provided by host
Do applications update without meta packages?
How to remove text from the beginning of every line, and paste it to the end of each line in terminal
Port 443 switching to filtered after openssl test
netcat no route to host on port 80 but not on 22
awk to add to field based on condition
How to install Python pip on Nixos?
Unable to access GitHub; Couldn't connect to server
Can I install a software on a Standard account in fedora without adding to Sudoer file or changing account type to admin?
/proc/softirqs, the number of columns doesn't match the number of CPU cores
is it safe to run yum and install packages when the root file-system isn't that of the running system?
Repairing the headers of phylip bioinformatics files to accurately reflect the updated number of samples in the file(s)
Install Linux Kernel modules
Can keychain be used to encrypt a file?
Udev rules involving X11 don't run on startup
How can I create an encrypted, file-system–agnostic, mountable volume?
is there a libboost-all instead of libboost-all-dev?
Start the GUI automatically in OpenBSD
Matching hexadecimals with gawk
Cannot connect to ssh from crontab
Who sets $USER and $USERNAME environment variables?
Search class names in jars
GDM not showing when I boot my FreeBSD system
How-to diff distributions?
Install vmware-tools using yum in vmware fusion
Lock screen after blanking with gnome-screensaver and XFCE
How do I detect wheter the audio cable is connected?
Undestanding the output of route -n
The fastest desktop environment for Mint 14
SELinux Write access for vsftpd and samba
bash_completion
Generating a list of alternative packages with apt tools
Converting *.ram to *.avi
Recommended way of installing python packages on Arch
How to install firmware-mod-kit on Debian
Prevent Xorg from suspending when changing tty
Exit status of chained commands
Zip With Partial J Flag
What encapsulation does /dev/udp use by default? Can I change it?
Custom built kernel supposedly not usable on amd64 during preseeded installation
Logout button reboots the machine
Ansible: difference between "shell" and "command" modules
Run 2 instances of vsftpd and in the second instance have users accessing to their own home folder
What happens if the SOA returned by the nameserver has an MNAME that is non-authoritative for the domain?
How to run python pygame script as systemd service?
Overwrite or don't copy?
Why are my desktop applications children of PID1
bad substitution when running ${} in centos terminal
why does recursive searching with grep print fewer lines when using \bSTRING\b compared to the -w option?
Error when running ((x++)) as root
Using `printf` to print variable containing `%` percent sign results in "bash: printf: `p': invalid format character"
creating a chroot sftp user connecting to a different directory
How can I open terminal and run command automatically?
Connect Serial Port through COM port or USB adapter (different models)
Debian 8 -bash: /usr/bin/java: No such file or directory
libffi.so.5() and libgdbm.so.2() dependency errors when installing scl Python package on CentOs machine
Ubuntu 18.04.2 Static IP is set but also accessible via DHCP address
Monitor incoming traffic on ports 80 & 443, vanilla VPS, recycled IP address
Why does plugging in a cellular modem create 8 different device files?
How to find duplicate directory paths even if the contents are different?
Why does the setuid bit work inconsistently?
Ubuntu SSH Auth Log Shows Proxy IP
Parse a csv file, replace separator, ignoring the content of fields between " "
How to set up functional private network bridge on qemu/kvm?
How can I make wget rename files based on link name?
CentOS 7 stuck at grub prompt after upgrading Kernel
Feed all traffic through OpenVPN for a specific network namespace only
JACK issues on Lubuntu, any thoughts? "Driver is not running"
fstab group option?
Lower cpu performance in Linux
Can emacs render downloaded html files?
Scientfic Linux slate wiped clean on VM after restart
Copying all files from one directory to all directories under same parent directory
Sound crackles and echos to the point of being unusable
Seeing SSH debug messages in Terminal/console
SSH tunnel to browse localhost, super slow
To pass parameter to bash script file
Ask sed to ignore all special characters
Can’t run the ownCloud client on Linux Mint 19 Tara (Qt issues)
Does an X client process always have one or more GUI window(s)?
How to trim the spaces from first and last of the variable string in Linux?
Which service provides time-sync.target in systemd?
Safe way of extending xfs partition
Upgrade OpenSSH 7.4 to later on RHEL
pip install + get the errors about Retrying (Retry(total=4, connect=None, read=None, redirect=None))
Installing software in home partition instead of root partition?
NAT ETH1 PORT 5000 Traffic to PPP0
Can we execute the pro-c file which is compiled on UNIX on Debian 9?
Add Line Separator after results while using Grep Patterns
Why do `xwininfo` and `xdotool` give me different window ids?
What is the meaning of ownership of a process on a window?
Is this bash argument substitution?
Construct a while loop around a command throwing a segmentation fault
What's the process scheduler in Linux?
using local dns to allow domain based transparent proxy
Unable to run usbmuxd as a service using systemd, but functional when executed through the terminal
How to force GPT partitions in kickstart for Oracle Linux 6
How essential are usernames ( compared to uids )?
vim: Execute command for FileGroup
Using source command in script but defining the input file in the command line of a terminal
How to copy partitions from one device to another, including boot partitions?
How do I align columns at common elements but give differing elements their own rows?
Mounting Case Sensitive ISO
GTK and Qt apps seem to interpret XCompose differently
GNU Octave: fplot exponent problem
Find process source which executing python scripts
Can't install MySQL client libraries on Gentoo
Can't make ./configure find tcltk while building R
Centos 7 Mail log?
Metadata preservation when modifying images with ImageMagic
Replace LF with CRLF at the beginning of a file
Transcribe a csv column in awk, accounting for empty fields
How to add an attribute in a tag in XML file by command-line?
Is it possible to create a freebsd 10 or 11 jail in freebsd 9?
.sh script error issues
how to print quote character in awk
XFCE menus override shortcut keys
configure bonding/teaming on Redhat Linux 6.4
Extract several lines from large text file
copy files with md5-based target name using find and xargs
x11vnc and -unixpw_cmd option
rm refuses to remove folder! (nothing to do with the -R option)
QEMU doesn't boot iso file in UEFI
How to get hard disk information from /proc and/or /sys
Allow owner to create & read files, but not modify or delete
Adding column based on matching of second column
sudo yum repolist show repo not in /etc/yum.repo.d
Prevent sed from printing empty stuff
Fast method of splitting string from textfile?
Concatenating two strings cuts string
supported graphics card
HTAccess: Redirect a subdomain to a another protocoll
How to repeat a command with an added parameter
Install Fedora20 on external HD
Why does the SELinux filesystem have it's own null device?
Sed - string substitution with groupings
Why does this ssh command not work? (cat ./file | ssh <user@host> "cat | sudo -t -t 'cat > /root/location/file'")
Join two files, matching on a column, with repetitions
How to install with pacman in ArchLinux without asking the user y/n?
something is terribly wrong with pkg-config
How do I know that my rpm installation of a package was succesful?
Cursor movement related tput commands under zsh: can the 'clear' behavior be configured?
On burning new iso image onto CD (rw type), still the CD reflects the old content!
How can I configure ZSH's vi mode to persist the state between commands?
File sharing between Windows, Linux and Android over network
How to open a directory and save code in it Gerris in Linux?
Using Modifiers of Perl-compatible Regex (PCRE) in grep
Batch copy to multiple directories
Is it possible to find times of past user sessions?
Is there a way to pipe the output of one program into two other programs?
WARNING: modpost: Found 10 section mismatch(es)
Edit the .config file when en/disabling a particular option like CONFIG_CPU_FREQ?
Garbage characters appear on screen when typing
How to fix "login: no shell: No such file or directory" when I can not even login?
CentOS 5.6 live time feature without repeatedly executing date command
fprintd-enroll works with right-index finger only
Taking complete backup of System and then restoring?
Converting a bootable USB into an ISO image
"No package wine available" and "No package fluxbox available"
How to download all images from a website (not webpage) using the terminal?
gitweb.cgi: "Premature end of script headers: gitweb.cgi"
Running script once when X is initialized
How get the best quality when converting from mp4 to avi with ffmpeg?
Colored text set up with PS1 and colored output from commands mess each other up
Using nmap's sql-injection script to scan a specific web folder
PHP framwework, multiple sites and httpd and DNS
zip command to use filename being zipped
Need to merge mulitple unix txt lines
Allow inclusion of file in php but forbid reading/editing by user
dconf-WARNING **: failed to commit changes to dconf: The connection is closed
Set a size limit to SAMBA shared directory remotely
Generate Sequence number for each line at the end .. modified t he post can someone help&suggest on this
Avahi commands not working in CentOS
X11: disable Shift+NumpadN outputing N when NumLock is off to have Shift+NumpadHome
gdrive -bash: /usr/bin/drive: cannot execute binary file
Copy files in same folder and replace year in its name
How to measure Firefox's startup time?
Internet is not working when VPN is up
How can I enable ufw automatically on boot?
allow logged user to enable cups printer using cupsenabler
Unexplained rsync disconnect
How to re-mount home partition?
Can I prevent a default route being added when bringing up an interface?
dpkg still thinks corrupted upgrade of Textadept pending - how to clean up?
Reading from file descriptor fails
Set up graphic interface (desktop) for remote connection
Add Space Before Last Character in Variable
zBackup and System Crash Reboot without Logs
sed/awk string replacement with newline and tabs
Who have previously accessed a shared file?
In a custom module, is there a way to allow all permissions for files/directories?
How to store (and load) a zsh String array to a file?
After I unbind the Trackpoint driver (psmouse), the driver re-bound when I press it. What causes this?
What is the “Persistence Bit” iwlwifi
RPM making error from
Does using non-root user without password makes system more vulnerable?
Sort a section of a file
Arch - Gnome won't boot after disabling lightdm and enabling gdm
Kerberos key fails with AutoFS
Issue while creating csv with awk
Monit doesn't run 'start program'
What does `perf stat` option `--cpu` is actually showing?
How can I solve this ordering cycle in a mount unit?
change format of column
RT5370 link is not ready
How to clear DISPLAY variable in GNU screen
Installing docker CE on redhat 7
Install Alpine security updates only
Read the data page wise and store in seperate files
Segregating storage on a custom linux os for Android phones
Why is dmesg called dmesg?
Walking through files in directory randomly
"No such file or directory" on an executable, yet file exists and ldd reports all libraries present
Which set of commands will limit the outgoing data rate to X kbps for traffic to or from port Y?
How to Save X Session -- ArchLinux+Openbox
Ignore Symlinks when Extracting Tarball
How to remove URI encoding from file names?
How can I connect mail(1) to my Gmail/Yahoo/Hotmail account?
Portable way to get script's absolute path?
grub error : "File not found" for separate /boot/efi partition
Change ip addr label in Linux
I can't get Cinnamon to stop freezing, how can I revert it back?
How can I display octal notation of permissions with ls - and can octal represent all permissions?
Why there are two ifcfg-eth0 file but in different directory
What do you use the -t "tag" option for in logger?
Emacs: make portion of buffer readonly
What type of permissions should a user's home directory and files have?
Commandline global proxy program?
upgraded to Ubuntu 13.04 Server, do-release-upgrade still shows
Variable scope in multiple pipes
How to change the Linux Mint Nadia splash screen?
| Grep, Find which file the strings came from
How can I find the correct name for my microphone and sound output using aplay or pacmd or something else, to apply in asound.conf?
Unable to set hostname for use within network
Where do I find a list of terminal key codes to remap shortcuts in bash?
Linux listing files between two date without touch command
Problem in Joining RHEL with Windows 2008
UUOC with ssh file transfer
Can't install Linux Headers on Debian 6
SSH agent loses keys after logging out
Which process uses what pages?
Remove junk Character ~G
Allocation mode explanation
Linux - net.ipv4.conf.all
Mark all autoremovable packages as manually-installed in one command
Shared disk files synchronization
Modify a string to remove characters
Compare 2 fields from different files and only return matches regardless of order
"run any command which will pass untrusted data to commands which interpret arguments as commands"
Does a forked process copy all mapped memory when writing?
Is the export command behaviour different in sh and in bash?
How evil is this: echo bash >> .bashrc
How do I make Debian 9 detect network hardware?
Ways to provide arguments to a command executed by `bash -c`
On Ubuntu 18.04 OpenSSL 1.1.0g - can't decrypt files, even with md5
How can i achieve pstree -sup $$ just with ps?
Bash script for uncompressing multiple files at a once
merging files with the same 1 column
Checking battery level when ACPI has problems
Is it secure to use the following kinds of pathnames in `$PATH`?
How to send mail from Linux with To, From, Subject, and File Attachment
vsftpd and filezilla
In AWK, is it possible to specify a range for operation?
Get total size of a list (containing HTTP links)
Kali Linux: from light to full distro
How to generate SSH1 key using ssh-keygen for SSH2
Putty Login error through SSH (Network error: Connection timeout)
How can I enter unicode characters on KDE?
File exists but mv errors out with: "mv: cannot stat ‘file.tar.gz’: No such file or directory"
linux how to cd to parent folder if navigated through a symlink
renaming files in SFTP session
what is the file descriptor of my terminal
Timestamp comparison in awk
Insert blank line in UNIX after different number of lines
How to extract out information separated by a character from a column?
Linux iptables reserve number of connections for given rule
Cutting text between two commas, excluding follow up text
Freeze at startup with error “fb: switching to radeondrmfb from EFI VGA”
Apps and OS start takes too long
Show the local session through xrdp remote desktop
Changing runlevel from a chroot
Graphic card problem in Linux mint 18.1
Version Update from 14.04.3 LTS to 16.04.2 LTS
Difference between localtime and clock
Grep: unexpected results when searching for words in heading from man page
Access https web page via Firefox/Chrome from command line
Change Python version from 3.5.3 to 3.5.2
Can I use GnuPG 2 and GnuPG 1 concurrently, seeing the same keys?
How to manage “device or resource busy” in a script?
thunderbird - cannot create new gmail account - oauth page is hanging
Disk space utilization in GB on Linux
How to disable account expiration and mandatory change of password after it expires in linux?
GlusterFS - Unable to list files within a specific directory on a Gluster fuse mount point
sudo -E env PATH=$PATH
Why the difference between stat and df
How to disable ldap and allow local authentication in debian server?
Fixing DPI from .xinitrc
Hangout on Fedora25 and Black Screen during screenshare
regular expression and pattern matching
Combine output from multiple independent processes in another terminal
Usage of -n and -z in test built in - Bash
How do I install python 3.6.1 on redhat for my user account without impacting an existing python 2.7.6 install?
One line shell command that finds all students in LEC05 and prints their first name in sorted order
amavis: [virus_name_to_spam_score] is empty when using certain clam database
Setting SSH trust between 2 service accounts
How to check which add-on(s) in Firefox is disabling e10s on Arch?
Annoying message at every terminal opening in a new created user account
How to get rid of this: "[-f: command not found" in terminal?
X Window Server that acts as a pass-through
Usage of --remove-source-files option of rsync
How can I set zsh to use physical paths?
Extract marked strings from text file using Bash
Cannot connect to my Virtual Box Ubuntu system
What is resume= used for in my grub boot settings?
bash: Redirect IO , but not with suffixes
Rename files by incrementing a number within the filename
How does iperf calculate throughput and jitter?
(L)ubuntu 12.04 syslog to custom file (not /var/log/syslog but /var/log/mylog) - ubuntu 12.04
du (disk usage) and format specifier for file/directory sizes strings?
Partitioning scheme for a virtual machine host
Checking existence of file with underscore in file name in zsh
Recursively rename e-mail files from .txt to .eml
Public Key Auth + Kerberos
Where to securely place files needed by PHP in Linux filesystem (according to FHS)
Key in DER format. Convert to line for .ssh/authorized_keys?
Checking memory on several RPi's with one command
head eats extra characters
Filter script output and print it in screen while redirecting it in a file
OpenVPN service started but not listening
Login into Mysql without startx
Kiosk Gui, but not limited to WebBrowsing
show output of python file on console
how to identify if raid1 or raid mirror configure on OS disk
Bash: combining of the composition of the multiple log files based on the search pattern
Factorial of certain numbers yield negative values
what are the downsides of splitting /proc/pid/stat by whitespace?
SFTP download from terminal is fine, via script not working
Kate and case sensitive search
How can I add core GNU commands to a pre-existing AIX system?
Getting "Permission denied" even though I have set global read permissions on a file
deleting characters from expression using sed
Configure syslog file in Raspbian Stretch Lite
How can I use a shell variable to copy an sed pattern?
How can I add an attachment with Sendmail (limited options)?
Restrict password-less backup with SFTP
Window Manager / Desktop Environment Testbed
Installing and uninstalling gnome on debian
Stuck installing TexLive from scratch on Debian KDE!
Enable systemd-backlight@intel_backlight instead of systemd-backlight@acpi_video0
Is this method safe or recommended for moving a /home directory?
Find files newer than another file within each subdirectory
How to restart python script after one second of going down using UPSTART?
configure xscreensaver through X resource database
Remove Text from Active Programs in Panel
SSH remote backup script
Avoid completing directory names when changing vim buffers
Unable to view traps through snmptrad?
What is the relationship between a program's output, standard output, and its file descriptors?
How to get the Job ID?
How to get JPEG thumbnails quickly
Strange symbols instead of normal icons and sidekiq issue in GitLab
How can we obtain a temporary filename in a standard-conforming IEEE 1003.1 script?
Using sudoers to allow php to run command
What is the equivalent of apt-key in aptitude?
ddrescue extremely slow on USB hard drive
Download the file from either of two machines using SCP?
Xorg Configuration for Unregistered Resolution
Sed / Awk - Find string exactly n characters long
Unknown syntax in /etc/rc.d/init.d/functions
Distro for high end video editing
Shutdown Red5 failed on every attempt
How does killproc knows what PID to kill?
Pipe output of jack_cpu_load through sed
How can I protect my computer when the only way to access the internet is though a compromised internet connection?
Getting tree command to not display directories
How to know what is trashing my Linux mint system?
Changing HISTTIMEFORMAT leaves entries with incorrect date
Looking for App - Productivity measurement
Shall I copy server's ca.crt to the client?
Chromium when maximized has gaps at the sides in Awesome WM
What ports are essential and should generally be allowed on a Linux system?
Edit tree to output in custom format?
Explain the "@" symbol in this permissions example
Slow terminal print out
Good idea to symlink a virus database directory?
Combine variable and regular expression in pattern match
Issues with GLIB+Iceweasel+apt-get
Can I change owner of a tunnel after creating it?
awk: arithmetic does not work on a particular field
How is a function resolved at runtime?
SSH server accepts key ONLY if user is logged in (on server)
Using an internet hosted server as a proxy server
Erasing a Linux laptop
My System is Completely Unaccessible Because Everything is root
Goodsync (gsync) linux always overwriting files to S3 (cant identify similarity)
Does konsole support a visible bell?
Logs appending each time on its own when refreshing the logged in page
OpenBSD: Defining a new loopback interface
How to remove Linux.MulDrop.14?
How to print colored text using a black and white printer?
How to move a file from a subdirectory to another subdirectory located outside the first one?
High CPU load for WordPress
Udev rule is not being used?
How do I create a bunch of files with different parameters in the body of each file?
Is it possible for a shell script to contain both tcsh and bash commands in the same script?
gnome-open replaced by sublime?
Linux Bulk/Remote Administration
Shell script: find iconized programs , if found , activate it
Which Unix tool for Pixel-art -generation?
Can CONFIG_NTFS_FS be disabled completely?
Is there a way to install only the base Fedora system?
How do I resize GNOME shell top bar
Make feh notice newly plugged-in monitor for image scaling
Issues with .bash_profile and terminal commands
How to sync two directories?
OSX : rmdir "permission denied" but directory removed
attr man page missing?
Beginning shell scripting
Recover a reiserfs hard disk
Mon Configuration
Which installed software packages use the most disk space on Debian?
Is it safe to install KDE along with Gnome?
How to set permissions what users can see (drives, folders) on opensuse 12.1?
Startup programs on virtual desktops
Nonblinking cursor in xmonad
Viewing Debian documentation offline
Understanding modifiable in Vim
Command for forcing a pointer ungrab (captured mouse release)
How to convert a 32-bit (x86) Debian-based system to 64-bit
Lowres application icon on window switching (alt-tab)
How should I install software from source so that I can make my configuration manageable and reproducible?
Sort by regular expressions
Mounting a multi-partition (GPT/HFS+) USB 2.0 harddrive on Debian
debian wireless networking through terminal
amarok displays wrong time for ogg files
How to unzip a multipart (spanned) ZIP on Linux?
Sync local files to remote git repository
How to add folder to existing user [proftpd]
How to join vCards lines
Different domains for multiple VM's on host with one WAN IP
Change directory with space followed by '('
How to split vCards lines
Linux for a writer, running on a Pentium II
How to restrict OpenSSHD when I'm logging in from dynamic IP address?
Is there a simple way to convert an Antergos system to an Arch system?
Bash for loop executes multiple echo statements "out of order"
How can I get the active log priority of a running systemd-udevd instance?
Kali linux wi-fi adapter not found
rename 'y/A-Z/a-z/' * doesn't work on windows subsystem for linux (wsl)
Why does the find command also return the directories?
sudo: limit interactive shells?
Zsh parameter expansion
Change the default mount option on encryptfs home during login - pam_mount
output of diff command
Grep something that is between two known strings
Can a python3 subprocess feed directly into another?
How to get just two items of a json like file
Watchdog script executed twice when exiting 255 (error)
RTL8723DE [10ec:d723] Wifi card not working on Linux mint 19.2 Tina
View packet data of ping
Cannot see script launched from another script via ps command
How to Enable Remote Desktop Access for CentOS 7
TTY virtual console + tmux: seems like ~/.bashrc is getting run more than once?
how to set up username and passwords for different git repos?
Make Linux responding even when there is an I/O Error
The PyCharm command
grep returns "Binary file (standard input) matches" when trying to find a string pattern in file
How to handle error compiling GCC 4.7.0 using GCC 6.2.1
Variables configured in bashrc still been prompted to be exported
if 2 commands with same filename exists in PATH variable, which will get executed?
Bash - assign array into variable as string
Rewrite doesn't work expectedly in NGINX
Wifi on Ubuntu on Acer Aspire Switch
"xfs_copy" equivalent for ext4?
Nvidia video card on centos, can not set resolution
How to access environment variables from UNIX services dynamically?
ubuntu + add root permission for new user account
proxychain unable to resolve ip address
linux + write syntax in visudo
Centos Authconf Error
To disabled the `PrintLastLog` on the SSH server
System protection against low memory crashes when not using swap
Separating clipboards on Cinnamon
Bash regex test not working
Rewrite rule doesn't work in NGINX
How to copy text from command line to clipboard without using the mouse?
Updating Mesa for instaling Vulkan
Erroneous font rendering in urxvt
How to debug Ubuntu startup process
How to adapt `sudo yum install ...` instructions to install packages under `$HOME/.hostdir` without superuser privileges?
Download yad with bash script
New parent process when the parent process dies
start-stop-daemon returning always 0 (success)
What does meta+n do in the terminal
Trying to install 32-bit java plugin on Centos 6.5 64-bit mozilla firefox
SSH Failing to fork with sshpass
Fail2ban for nginx post flood ignores time intervals
Handling sed variables with paths in them?
command: ls /etc | sort | grep d* is yielding no results but ls /etc | sort | grep p* lists entire directory
LXDE stuck on Login
Can overwritten files be recovered?
phpldapadmin with STARTTLS
Howto Tell if a System authenticate with password only or through PAM
How to display Chinese characters correctly on remote Red-Hat machine?
How to get Debian to detect my Audigy 2
Disable [base] repository in CentOS-Base.repo
How do I open all files in the current directory and all subdirectories using vim?
Is there a difference between hardlinking with cp -l or ln?
What is the correct syntax to add CFLAGS and LDFLAGS to "configure"?
Skip search and replace after a heading in Vim
Unable to delete files as a root user using RS232 serial cross cable
How to install meld 3.11 in Ubuntu 14.04?
Create NTFS partition (in Linux) for dual-boot into Linux/Windows 7
How to route network in order to use internet on CentOs?
cygwin awk output to windows line delimeters
how to find out which chain in iptables in listing
Postfix vs Google SMTP servers inconsistency
Setting primary monitor in XFCE?
How to record v4l webcam with ffmpeg? Cannot find a proper format for codec 'none'
Mounting /dev/dvd /media on VirtualBox
Linux hosts.deny settings are not applied
Updating data sets from Online databases/Webservice
How to remount as read-write a specific mount of device?
Collate tab-delimited files
How to prevent from automatic reboot after shutdown?
How to select specific sets or sturture from a file, if struture contains specific string?
Can I treat all what I typed after a command as raw string?
sed command inside sed
Fuji Xerox Docuprint CM305df Not detected in sane for scanning
LVM mounts deadlocking the kernel
Read special keys in bash
Is there a way to see a time stamp or any evidence of when/if my usb was accessed in Linux?
How can I start several processes with a single command?
Unable to start posgtresql, the reason isn't clear
isc-dhcp-server not starting due to failing interface detection
How can I remove the audio track of a media that I import into a Pitivi project?
GRUB error 15, no boot menu nor /boot
Find a file in the path without "which"?
Remove green from Linux Mint browser
Creating an extended partition
How can I install KateSql plugin on ubuntu?
Autoconfig/Automake fails to generate AM_CFLAGS & AM_LDFLAGS for dependent D-BUS library. Why?
Why does my sudo ask for password only once but evaluate thrice?
How to work around missing 'last-modified' headers?
vim: delete lines before cursor
privoxy: rewrite html "http" links to "https"
Two networks cannot be accessed simultaneously
Mnemonics for Unix functions?
How can I pause in a shell script?
Permissions: What's the right way to give Apache more user permissions?
Which services can be disabled on Fedora 14?
Ubuntu 10.10 installed from windows 7: how to expand drive?
How to list files sorted by modification date recursively (no stat command available!)
Determining what process is bound to a port
Print specific Exif image data values with exiv2
Bash:  why isn't "set" behaving like I expect it to?
Turning an old computer into a network firewall
How intelligent are unix utilities?
Why does my Fedora 14 system with an Intel Mobile GME965/GLE960 Integrated Graphics Controller come up with the wrong aspect ratio?
What are good online resources for learning shell scripting?
How to find the machine from which a user logged into current machine using ssh?
How to install java on CentOS VPS through ssh
stty: : Invalid argument
Are certain parts of startup scripts necessary or just good practice?
Automounting in KDE-3.5.10 without HAL
Is there a tool that lets me share internet connection through Wifi?
Where can I find the source code for `uptime`?
How can I specify OS-conditional build requirements in an RPM spec file?
Make diff Use Full Terminal Width in Side-by-Side Mode
Xvideo extension not active with the radeon driver
What are the advantages of building tools/libs from source?
PuTTY (or other terminal) with output buffering for slow connection
Splash in PID =1
Is there a Debian package for Emacs that contains the source (.el files) v. the compiled code (.elc)?
How to enable Python automatically after restarting my Centos 6.5 machine?
How to represent greater than or equal 3600 in regex
Why is my PATH so small when opening SSH session through python subprocess?
Moving files to a bin
Sed not outputting matches from regex to file
disable tmux global selection
Ubuntu Supervisor command expansion in bash
Arch Linux Ethernet less than 1ko/s
Some directories empty in mounted NFS directory
Deepin installation problem: not booting
Cygwin puts space after every `fi`
Using a bash alias or function with environment variables on multiple lines
Graphics only render properly when switching graphics drivers
bootloader not showing GhostBSD
sed-replacing and using a pattern with multi-lines
awk file sanity check. awk check for null/missing values in csv files
I know a partition exists (bootable) but I can't find it in fdisk
Password reset for user account
Why dos my XFCE Pulse Audio plugin slider not work?
Is it better to use a shebang line to execute a script?
/etc/fstab 5th column
Linux Virtual Network Interface: Specify a Specific DHCP Server (or DHCP Server in an Address Range)?
merging text files into one
Why do changes to /etc/passwd not take effect?
Is there a good reason to prevent users from using cron/at?
terminal converts first letter to uppercase
What am I missing in my SMTP-AUTH relay configuration?
installing GnuGPG with Thunderbird on CentOS 7
Cronjob doesn't execute shell script, but when I am executing it standalone it works. Why?
Sum two columns from different files
Integer input constraints
Filename expansion from date ranges
What SFTP application just lets you drag and drop from desktop to the server?
How was dnsmasq answering DNS queries before I fixed /etc/network/interfaces?
Importing Python files from inside folders
SCP from remote to local does not work
Accidentally screwed up permissions big time -- what should I do?
cating a binary in a tmux pane crashes the whole window
How do redirection in a symbols work in a sequence?
Why is video tearing such a problem in Linux?
Lots of elif, is there a better way?
Booting application from rc.local in rhel6.4
How to import videos/pictures/documents from my Samsung smartphone to my Linux system?
XMonad gaps in fullscreen
How to know, when a shell command running in the backround getting killed or died
Create copies of files in same directory
redirect output to specific line number
How to disable core dump generation in Centos (cPanel Server)?
In bash instead of creating new line changing the already made line
Kernel ATA Exception after resume from suspend to RAM
Lynx is trying to unzip my downloads
How to get pass a localisation issue when setting up a maven project?
How to verify from "uname -a" output, the installed Solaris OS is openSolaris or not
How to convert html entities to readable text?
allow only specific users to login via sshd, but refuse connect to non-listed users
Append files with bash one-liner?
How package managers update packages installed using git-packages?
How to understand the command awk '{for(x=1;$x;++x)print $x}'?
Second monitor doesn't wake after kernel update in Fedora Core 20
look up the device from its tty file?
Get CPU usage for single process
parted: invalid token
How can unix computers find each other by hostname?
Connect Unix and Windows using shell script
installpath in OpenBSD 5.5
Delete everything not matching this pattern 'something.swf' in txt file
Remote virtual displays
Disable touchpad special functions
Parse (grepable) nmap output to print a list of IP\t[all open ports] with text utils like awk
How should I check whether a given PID is running?
tmux zoom (z) not working for me
gstreamer loop file naming?
The packages to be newly installed are the same as the packages that should be autoremoved!
rsync --verbose always shows directory structure when syncing to NTFS volume
Sorting Before Sending the Output to Terminal
What does "on-line" mean, as used in man(1)?
Automatically put content in for read in bash
Create folders from specific parts of lines in a text file
Changing Xvfb frame buffer resolution while it's running
Intel WiFi is not detecting in Debian. Using Dell Inspiron 11 3147
wireless network working erratically on debian
Handling whois connection refused message in shell script
Displaying usage comments in functions intended to be used interactively
Unable to add a key to gpg
Event dispatcher in bash (Ubuntu Gnu/Linux)
Network capture using ethtool points to problem?
Check if autorepeat is enabled
Text processing - Regex search for string and output unique values
Viewing only the first screen's worth of output on the shell
Intermittent network issues on Linux Mint 19 Cinnamon (wired)
wget download regex pattern files from remote URL
SED not removing last double quote from every line
How to raise the system native OpenWith dialog for a particular file?
reusing home directory
Store Single Variable from Input File into Array
STDOUT + STDERR output ... is there any difference between considering the output to be an empty string vs NULL
Solaris 11.3 - Unable to install system/header
How to remove all comments from a javascript file using common Linux command line tools?
How to delete centos update files that have been downloaded but not installed on a VM?
install openssh 7.6 on red hat 7.5
What's the difference between KVM, QEMU and libvirt?
Does software threads include user threads?
Why two network cards cannot work if configured for the same network, and could I fix this?
Debian 9 (VM) After update GUI applications won't start
My attempts to use rsyslog to route messages to a log file
How to extract word which has only numbers separated by 'dot'
Debian : Iptables rule not staying persistent, getting deleted in sometime
Do math operation on the numbers typed into command line without call bc
QEMU crashed while trying to boot up i.MX6q device kernel
Locating source code of the PureOS installer
Unable to print to windows print server via Samba
Bash Command Get Data from multiple files and append the file name
Making aufs union mounts read-write
JMagick Unable to Locate Java Directories
mount a drive in freeBSD to edit a file, using live CD
Libgcrypt warning: MD5 used - FIPS mode inactivated
Editor for altering the soundtrack to a movie
Prevent ssh-keyscan from generating output
IPCS command for Shared memory and semaphore in Solaris, HP-UX and AIX
check status of network printer in linux
What versions of Darwin's libacl have the acl_get_file bug?
Remove words (letters followed by space) from a specific column
How do you sudo with xonsh?
How to stream with ffmpeg in a separate process
What's wrong with this grep?
tstime and memory usage
Usability of /usr/share today
How to extend partition to all unallocated space in a VPS?
What other special characters are there?
Get number of files in each directory
SOLVED: Useradd fails: useradd: cannot lock /etc/passwd; try again later
How to append extension to files with certain filename format
More than 255 Linux GRE tunnels
Save list of echo outputs to .txt
Disable text on tags in awesomeWM?
search and increase the values between the second tilde symbol and the 3rd tilde symbol in each line of a txt file
install grub but no booting
Caret square bracket square bracket A ^[[A - What does it mean?
choose between one of two programs in bash script
How do I pass options to forcefsck?
Audio CD authoring w/o an optical drive?
Using embedded python script in Makefile
Bash - shell vs environment variable
Replace field in one file based on match with a different field in another file
Changing Active Directory password for service account in Linux
`ld: cannot find -lc` on NixOS
Safe removal of flash disk
Miniupnp thinks my router doesn't support UPnP
Shell script to find and count total number of characters in all the files
How to capture the consolidate the output of files into one file, and append any new information?
How to automatically apply wpa_supplicant configuration?
Change Netatalk server name
Deleting input forward to the next space
Screen brightness adjustment not working in Ubuntu 14.04
Fedora 21 - Problem waking up after suspend
how to move many subfolders to parent directory?
Use #!/bin/sh or #!/bin/bash for Ubuntu-OSX compatibility and ease of use & POSIX
How to remove duplicate lines while keeping the order AND ignoring case?
BIND cannot map one name
Make files in a directory not visible to anyone
Use .sh or .bash extension for bash scripts?
Cannot use ALFA-AWUS036NHA over my laptops wireless card
Using 'grep' to find lines that contain all of three specified characters in any order
Invalid port number while changing current directory through PuTTY in VBScript
How do I allow privileged commands to fail but respond?
Retrieving words before certain characters without having to use Perl
Inetd and Xinetd: which is running?
does a user program always use system calls to access a device driver
The cursor to a match, edit, the cursor to the next match, edit -- like in a directory?
How can I logout from a graphical environment from the command line?
Kernel Hacking Environment
Permissions issues for shared directory on a server
How can I create a /dev/null-like "blackhole" directory?
Is there something like wine to run OSX apps on linux?
What preparations should I make before reinstalling windows?
Why is LPD not enabled by default in Transmission?
How to whitelist an URL in Privoxy (with a little regexp)
How to delete line with Privoxy?
How often does Debian update its Stable repository?
Memory size for kernel mmap operation
Looking for a distro with GUI fit for Windows 98 PCs
Why are files in my home dir being created as world-writable despite a more-restrictive umask?
How can I print lines from file backwards (without using "tac")?
Clone OS to a smaller drive
`highlight` command
What does "-" mean as an argument to a command?
Why does this exclude pattern for rsync give different results when the source directory has a trailing slash?
Fastest way to get an Euro symbol at a prompt?
VPN on Fedora Linux?
How to remove length limit from losetup -a
Remote VNC from Fedora to Ubuntu
Creating debian version dependency in a .deb package
Are there any Linux distros aimed specifically at being Linux tutorials?
How to setup Nvidia GeForce 9800 card on Ubuntu 10.10
Bash remembers wrong path to an executable that was moved/deleted
ctrl+alt+f7 can't switch
Do the figures on /proc/<pid>/io include paging and swapping I/O?
Difference of mounting read-only and read-write
Start/stop a user unit whenever a device has been mounted/unmounted
How to install Netgear WNA1000M- N 150 driver on Debian?
Thunderbird default browser configuration
How to monitor paging activity per process?
How can I get more information about ACPI devices?
Using tc, I want TCP and UDP to use the same buffer
how to distinguish between user services and system service in systemd?
Why system is not responsive while network load is 90-95Mbit/s?
Switching repositories in Debian 8
Is there a way to track disk space freed by a process?
Are if else statement equivalent to logical and && or || and where should I prefer one over the other?
sane on Ubuntu 14-04 doesn't recognize Samsung scanner
How to not log some messages in systemd journal
Error installing perl6 using rakudobrew: panda library installation fails
Cleaning out mail folders with cron task
How to copy/paste text from PDF generated by cups-pdf?
Linux Mint VMware Player 14 with MacOs guest resolution switching to HiDPI
Calling a function within a pipe
Configuring and Mounting Micro SD Card in OpenWRT
Use processed output from stdin as a replacement string in Sed
Set file modification date from date stored as filename
How can I forward traffic across two Ethernet cards?
Set up firewalld on CentOS before starting it
IPset and making firewall simple
SED/AWK: Add a string to multiple files matched by regex value from another source file
Verify group of process was set correctly when launched
Capturing remote VNC to x264 without storing first
How can I locate all Mac OS X 'alias' files and find their target files (despite broken links)?
BeagleBone Black Wireless - No space left on device
Can I install Ubuntu Studio on a Chromebook?
How to check a set of lines in a text file for patterns using awk, sed, or grep?
Confused about the "execute" bit of a directory
How can I get systemd to tell me why init is listening on a particular port?
How to run a command inside a virtualenv using systemd
sed replace special characters with new line on Linux
ubuntu 16.04 host, windows 10 guest, cannot passthrough mount an audio CDROM
How can I access to Hyper-V management using Linux?
deleting characters in a string using sed
How does vmstat consider about java heap?
Error when trying to boot my Linux using an USB and rEFInd
What happens if two udev rules assign the same name to different network interfaces?
Is there a way to monitor progress of a btrfs rebalance?
How can I remap the shortcut keys for scroll down/up in gnome terminal
Getting capabilities of my CD/DVD drive when wodim --devices doesn't work
Missing source ~/.bashrc Mac terminal : ~/.profile?
How to load Linux PC to make it warm?
Meaning of `export PATH=…` in .bash_profile
how to send keyboard signal using a shell script
Why is an application via 'ssh -X' slower than vncviewer via 'ssh -X'
`login` from X session
install opensuse: Brightness is too low and keyboard fn keys do not work
How can I set the keyboard right on X?
How to convert a .txt subtitle file to .srt format?
How to use SFTP on a system that requires sudo for root access & ssh key based authentication?
how to prevent alias expansion by `eval` to an arbitrary alias, and keep the endless loop protection on a function?
see all commands/logs of screen in linux
How can I make the TTY use the appropriate charset?
Mac 10.9.1 // Gerris installation //
Distro with pip and npm as package managers?
How does one find out how many bits a file has in one command?
Shell script too slow for output to Conky
How to install Debian from an .iso on the filesystem?
Java/malloc memory corruption error when running SDK Android Manager
Bash Script to Sort Files into Alphabetical Folders on ReadyNAS Duo v1
How can I run Linux in a VM on a Retina MacBook Pro in Hi-DPI mode?
How to locate exactly that executable, which will be run if it's name entered in command line?
Match RH[A-ZA-Z] with grep
Stop scrolling when the mousewheel stops
Should "#!/usr/bin/env xdg-open" be included in .desktop files?
How do I get a default tmux configuration file?
"Print" text file to images with layout from command line
Comparing Negative values in bash using arrays
Integration of afuse user-level automounter with sshfs as a systemd service spawned from login for local users
Search for files inside multiple subdirectories and zip directories
How to sync comic books from LMDE 2 to iPad mini
Why does my terminal say I'm running -bash (with a leading dash) and not bash?
Are processes in square brackets scheduled in the same way as other processes?
iptables returning unknown option "--dport" error
OSX: How to make GNU Find the default find inside scripts?
Using Accounts on Linux via Virtualbox and Virtual Player
What types of threads does Java/JVM use from Linux OS's perspective?
Is there something like 'sudo' but give only one capability not real root?
how to sum coulmn wise if number of data is not same in every column?
What's the difference between /run/systemd/resolve/stub-resolv.conf and /run/systemd/resolve/resolv.conf?
I need to print the second line on each query in other file
Regular expression grep ^[^a]*$
How are displaced LVM2 extents on a LVM with single drive?
SSH CA: How to sign a host key with custom port?
Regular expression grep -r 'emm*[a-f].[^ta]$'
No live boot from usb and restarting with a blinking white underscore in Ubuntu [HP Laptop] , Not taking any command?
I am trying to edit the grub bootloader so that a sound is played on boot. is there any way i can do this?
SSH X forwarding too slow
How can I set Debian 9 (Dolphin file manager) to recognize .m files as Octave programs?
stop hddtemp syslog
Restrict directory access to single process using apparmour
Select a particular column greater than a threshold and grep -i word that mentioned in file
.bash_logout is not running on exit of putty
I like the default "X" shaped crosshair cursor in linux. How do I force Debian to use that big X instead of a regular mouse cursor?
Using openvpn with multiple server under systemd
grep - the multiline pattern writing
-bash: !'@10.109.10.142/?ip=10.109.8.39: event not found
Limited cpupower policy scaling
Installing Remmina on Yocto Project
Infinite Loop in Nested For Loop
Kickstart - Wallpaper configuration
Do `%f, %F, %u, %U` belong to bash?
Does installing non-free software from Debian non-free repositories constitute piracy?
Using an initrd/initramfs as the root filesystem
How to resize a PDF's pages?
Networking with many Ethnernet ports
How do I autostart multiple gnome-terminal applications from an i3 saved layout?
Configuring feh key mapping problems
How to get better 2D graphics performance with Android-x86 running on KVM?
Beignet fails on a machine with Intel GPU and an NVIDIA graphics card
How do I fix debian jessie shutdown error?
Shell: why [ -n "${VAR-}" ] instead of [ -n "$VAR" ]?
How to start the 'vmmon' kernel module in Mac? VMware Fusion fails to start VM after inactivity
Connect beaglebone black running Debian Image 2015-11-12 to PC through Ethernet.
Password issue when adding user
What is the difference between file size in ls -l and du-sh?
F1-F12 keys don't work
Will SGE output slow down my simulation, if so, how much?
Is there a way to increase `find` speed
Removing Infinitely Nested Directories
Applying changes to xorg.conf without restarting
Running 64bit OS , Find all 32bit programs on a system
What is the setting in bash for globbing, to control whether * matches dot files
How do I share internet with Windows from my Linux box?
cclive: what kind of regexes are allowed?
USB external drive not working
Can I make "There are stopped jobs" harder to kill?
How extended (4MB) and regular (4KB) paging coexist?
Emacs Message: save sent mails
Problem with keyboard and mouse in gdm3 and lightdm
Where do the .deb files go when I select "download only" in Synaptic Package Manager?
disabling journal vs data=writeback in ext4 file system
Have network always wait for a network connection?
What kinds of commands can be run by xargs?
How to Get FreeBSD Grep to recognize '-' option?
Privilege escalation detection?
Creating an email that can trigger a script
Log in to multiple remote servers and execute a script
Find out how much all tmp directy occupy
Why doesn't the nohup command seem to be working?
Run AVD and VirtualBox at the same time
How to check whether a particular port is open on a machine from a shell script and perform action based on that?
How to download original ramdisk file to the computer?
SSH key authentication works with /usr/sbin/ssh -d, does not with the daemon?
Are lock, mutex, and semaphore for between threads or between processes?
Tiling window manager that keeps the titlebar?
Can I split a disk image and run Photorec on each part individually?
How to interleave two files?
Creating symbolic links
"screen" process closes out of the blue
Why is 'kill -9' killing browser as well as server?
Delete every number that comes before "="
Install R in my own directory
Java location from /usr/bin/java
`mount -o loop` changes mounted ISO image file
Install init scripts manually under Debian Wheezy
How to redirect per-CPU top output to file?
Install `mpl_toolkit.basemap` on RedHat without compiling from source
Is a page contiguous in the virtual address space or physical memory or both?
How to assign words with spaces as a whole name to variable in shell script?
How can I start a cronjob 1 hour later each day?
gtar fails to perform incremental backup
Backing up files which were modified after the last backup was run
tar exits on "Cannot stat: No such file of directory", why?
What should be the security context of these cron files?
Centos VFS cannot open root device
SVN: How to move the project from one repository to another repository
Distinguish between Desktop session and desktop environment
install and run new version of R
Execute root command after a user starts the session
scan directories of .pdf and .ps files for keyword in title and author
"disagrees about version" message
What privileges are needed to delete a read-only btrfs subvolume?
lxml with custom install location for libxml2/libxslt doesn't find correct location
Getting conflict errors when runnin yum update
wget internal buffer size
Kali Rolling Release Upgrade 2hr Login and Frozen Desktop
files greater than a average size of directory?
Is there a way to change the language of a running program?
After upgrade to Jessie, service control doesn't return result
ArchLinux: Error installing grub on encrypted lvm partition(lvm on luks)
use find command in bash file
How to indent grep's output?
alignment of extended partitions
getting dnsmasq to issue different ip address for domain name when dhcp client connected
I can't access my USB device after mkfs.ntfs command
File for assigned inet addresses
Can Clementine music player fetch CDDB/FreeDB data?
how can I take only file name and size from the du -sh command result
Using terminal to reset icon cache - which method?
View apt-history well-arranged
Allow file to be read by only system command in a C Program
sendmail default mail path
Is it possible to move content of screen?
CentOS 6.7: 'No address associated with name' as 'hostname --fqdn' output
Socket remains ESTABLISHED even if remote process is stopped
Minimal BASH like line editing is supported
Mate menu (Linux Mint 17) searches files when pressing enter - can this be changed?
How to group lines in file by two?
Getting around *extremely* long lines in less
Can w3m automatically search the entered text?
RHEL7: Why does 'nmcli conn show' & 'ip addr show' display different connections?
grub-install : command not found
Find which file contain a particular keyword using `grep`
Why doesn't Linux IPSec implementation support fragmentation before encryption?
How to set environment variable for BACI compiler and interpreter?
Local installation of .rpms using YUM
How to record video from an old webcam using ffmpeg on Linux?
How to find MAC or IP address of a device connected to the same Ethernet bridge?
arch linux systemd RTC clock script does not execute
Reject packets in pf after a connection consumed a certain amount of traffic
cannot locate header while making buildworld in custom kernel source
Why quotes are retained in string variables when surrounded by single quotes?
Shell script to delete multiple files
Unable to view or change file permissions
Why does awk '{print "Hi, Judy"}' print "Hi, Judy" repeatedly when pressing Return?
Characters visible in vi, but not in cat.
Chainload Windows from initramfs
Duplicity 'No Such file or Directory'
Monitor traffic by ip
display ls output in 2 columns with directories in one and files in the other
Ubuntu emergency mode shows up everytime
ssh sqlplus command has $ symbol and it gets substituted
Rsync exclude-from through ssh
Using Displayport over USB-C (Thunderbolt 3) to drive external 5120x2160 monitor; resolution not detected, cvt mode not working
Must SIGKILL (and SIGTERM) be explicitly sent to a specified process?
Find files greater than X value, sort by size, show in ls format
How to install dev version of network-manager on Debian?
Steam is unable to create .desktop file(s). Workaround or fix?
CUPS - Add a parallel printer connected to serial port?
Several Linux distros freeze
How can I find the root cause of "WARNING: unmet direct dependencies detected for ..."?
Accidentally moved sudoers file
How can i choose uppercase words with regexp
Gzip verbosity goes to standard error
Rename multiple files using sed command after removing the string after the last underscore
rsync not copying any files
awk: split input string of numbers and do maths on individual character
Can I refer to current clipboard content as a file?
How to forbid my PC in LAN to make DNS queries? (in a PC -> VPN gateway scenario)
What effect does environmental variable CLUTTER_IM_MODULE have?
Require a yubikey AND (publickey OR password) for SSHD auth
Any way to "forward" an IM from jabberd2 to users on Cisco XMPP?
Why is systemd-resolved restarting frequently?
systemd restart service automatically only after crash
fold: outputs only the first character
Installation conflicts with httpd on Amazon Linux AMI
Easy way to change compression level of a zip file
Awk - print last column or one before last if last is emty
git return filtered repo to original parent
Infinitely nested directories within /usr/bin/X11
Allow only root and a certain AD domain group to access a certain server
Set respawn limit in /etc/inittab
Can't run c program in other partition
Remapping both Caps Lock and Windows keys to be separate modifiers
tail file from remote server and nslookup on local
Bash - check environment variables
Kali Linux 2.0 shortcut command property
Mount with sshfs and write file permissions
Specific question about "/mnt": /mnt is not showing the disk space
Automatic login to multiple SSH root terminals
cursor and combining diacritics in shell
How to build openssl with clang(rather than gcc) on a FreeBSD machine?
How Troubleshoot Failed Installation of pywfdb from pip?
How to round off the memory value in percentage for the below code?
How to install virtualbox 5.2 or 6.0 on Debian 10?
How to remove compressed files while extracting an archive?
Which fixes are in which CentOS release?
Assigning array values while running a loop to a variable dynamically
Booting from a hard disk partition .. update-grub?
What is the benefit of installing Intel drivers from 01.org?
Debian install less than 1 GB.
Package a Linux system and app into an installable .iso? Kickstart?
Backup files with tar command and progress bar?
What does this curl command do?
Why do fonts in Debian not look as beautiful as in Ubuntu
Can I set appearance for GNOME Debian?
How to create bootable debian usb drive from an existing linux partition?
List all software installed from particular component (non-free, contrib)
Convert a date format
How can I confirm the identity of the remote SSH host I'm trying to connect to?
Using notify-send with a non-interactive ssh connection
I can't find tape device file inside /dev directory
What is qemu-img consistency check?
Mail queue keep growing
No installation candidate for compiz
How can I interact with my home router via a device on the local network using ssh?
Mount entry in fstab when connect to a network
Bash Array does not store correctly
How to install, missing Intel Graphic Drivers
opensuse: cannot install proprietary graphic driver fglrx
ssh fails silently
How to create a fixed size Linux ramdisk which does never swap to disk?
Debian 7.3 (stable) with GNOME 3.4.2, new Nautilus accel won't stick
How to recover missing Grub File
Human readable dmesg time stamps on OpenWRT
How to turn hard drive on again after I turn it off
pkexec - how do I set a custom timeout for auth_admin_keep when writting a pkexec policy
How to use openvpn with tcpvpn?
What to look for when mixing software in different releases of a distribution?
What is an up-to-date equivalent of LARTC How-To?
How to make a prefill line with read command?
How to get monitor width using xrandr --query?
Isolating CLI program that uses HOME environment variable to save state to perform parallel execution
Run a command with another egid (effective group id) without starting a new shell
Need to change date alone in filename
Script to update configuration file
/var/log/auth.log permissions
sda:sda1 keeps showing up in dmesg
Starting openvpn client as daemon - in debian
Script to print the interfaces and IP addresses
Passing dynamic list in cut -c
How can I change a Bash variable name in a loop and then expand the changed name?
Total runtime of machine
Liferea http client
Running xmodmap trough systemd
gpasswd and groups commands give conflicting results
OpenSuse USB HDD gets device node name "/dev/sdb" of internal HDD
Can't setup opendns on Fedora 26
Syntax error near unexpected token 'iptables'
how to get rotations with the date of the previous day?
Centos: getting this error on Atom editor
Bash - Parameter should not be parsed as bash while outputting
Unix terminal - How to print every bigram/trigram of a line?
Password: chsh: PAM: Authentication failure
How to set the subnet of a network interface?
What does $a and -e mean in sed?
Print all complete lines of file
Confused about salt in openssl encrypt file
Boot time has drastically increased after restoring partition
Save GNU Screen session layout after reboot
Need to replace ip and hostname in /etc/hosts file
daemon function in /init.d does not run the program in the background in fedora13
E763 with vim and spell checker
How to know if a process is attached to a tap interface?
How to know if a network interface is tap, tun, bridge or physical?
How can I use unix tools with Cyrillic text?
Getting the source for something that doesn't seem to have an associated package?
executing if-statement from command prompt
Creating a list of unique senders from Thunderbird mail files through the command-line
Measuring the current or the power
ffmpeg: problems when copying the audio
How to set up firewall on Debian Squeeze
Kill TIME_WAIT sockets immediately?
Why are shared libraries executable?
Unable to login due to invalid screen resolution
Linux/UNIX for older (Pentium 4) laptop
extensions.gnome.org is not working on fedora 17
Reevaluate the prompt expression each time a prompt is displayed in zsh
Subtracting one text string from another leaving unique characters, perhaps using awk
centos primary/secondary nameserver setup
VIM see regular expressions matches as you type
Is there a shorter way to change username, home directory and move files at the same time
Lm-Sensors: Run specific commands when temperature goes above/below limits
Uncomplicated Firewall (UFW) and UPNP
Can't boot from Fedora PreUpgrade image
Where does the output of `at` and `cron` jobs go?
Loop with 2 variables in a bash script
Is there a way to specify a name for "/etc/apt/sources.list" file?
Installing Unity or Gnome 3 in Debian
In Ubuntu, is there a way to virtually merge two folders without unionfs or aufs?
understand if systray displayed in a desktop environment
How to do I convert an animated gif to an mp4 or mv4 on the command line?
Https redirects to nginx welcome page but http works well
error in simple calculator
Laptop with NVidia and Intel GPUs, choose the graphic board connected to a USB-C adapter
Unable to install package nextcloud-client on Ubuntu 19.10
Keep first line and delete everything up to a pattern for all paragraphs
"Calgary: Unable to locate Rio Grande table in EBDA" <- what does this mean?
Replace all non-quoted text with spaces
How to enable internet access for nixos container with private network
how to toggle group layout (layer) with grp:toggle option of setxkbmap
Get CentOS server capabilities in human-readable form using Python
How to JSON-escape input?
Finding the most common name in passwd file
value 'buster' is invalid for apt::default-release
GRUB2: unknown filesystem for all partitions
Shut down after software closes
rsync: --backup-dir behaviour on full disk?
Can't delete files created by Time Machine on smb share (not immutable)
bettercap not working on kali linux
Unable to authenticate at docker-mailserver
Can you run vim (or another editor) in two shells at once on a single file, in a coordinated way?
"Firefox is already running" error
Issue with editing the current command in FreeBSD
How to get linux 'diff' to work with regex expression in bash
Emacs via X: how to use better rendered true type fonts?
/dev/tcp/host/port, /dev/udp/host/port what kernel module is this?
Executing grub-install failed on Linux Mint 19.2, can't install rEFInd
Systemd: How to unmount network mounts automatically on suspend
Which directories can be on a different partition outside of root?
List files recursively, in alphabetical order and without lines that show exclusively folder names
how to remove the row spaces using cut command
Cron Daemon Missing
Relocate Linux System Copying Linux Partitions Only
Why real time can be lower than user time
Trying to create tunnel to MySQL through SSH
How can I make bash not match `.` and `..` with `.*`
Why can't I add any iptables rule?
How to upgrade SSHD without the change of the server key?
Advantages (or downsides) of GVim over Vim to edit code
What is the difference between ~/.profile, ~/.bashrc, ~/.bash_profile, ~/.gnomerc, /etc/bash_bashrc, /etc/screenrc ...?
Opening a PDF file by typing its name
How can I restore the changes to shell variable?
How can I git diff markdown (.md) files
SSNiper SSN Scanner support
Console ScreenSaver without X11
Stay at same working directory when changing to sudo
Preventing access to TTY when X is killed
Prevent specific USB device from automounting
Can it harm if I shutdown without closing applications?
How do you make DISPLAY variable undefined?
Open file from particular position?
How to utilize extended attributes for image preview?
RT2800USB wireless adapter stops scanning
Two-step remote ssh without password
php-fpm56 reaches timeout when run with systemd centos7
Cannot set headphones microphone as default microphone in KDE Neon 5.17
Dual boot (2x Linux), safe to delete the first one?
How can I fix my swap partion?
Trying to save a 2012 macbook pro failing disk with ddrescue
Change the mount point of a ZFS dataset that's in use
Binding function keys in screen utility
Linux: keeping GUI responsive during low free memory
unable to chmod inside shared folder of virtualbox
separating an array into comma separated values
How can I add a permenant Samba mount with a GUI?
OpenVpn Missing Parameter tls-crypt Config Problem
why are there so many mmap system call in strace?
Questions about the saved user ID
How to run docker inside an lxc container?
Run a container with access to a device without running it as root
PSU on older iMac (iMac7,1) running hot with current Linux. How can I fix this?
ZFS encrypted pool on Linux?
Append file with two extra colums to a large table?
tmux spaces between window panels
How to make a continuous vertical line in vim?
The printers and settings in `.cups/lpoptions` are not read by `lpstat -a`
After installing/booting kali linux, I can't connect to wifi. It says no wifi adapter found
EnvironmentFile not read in systemd - AWS EC2 Linux2
Bash command 'read' error "not identifier: -t"
Safe way to automount VeraCrypt container without showing password?
what is GREEDYDATA in elasticsearch
Can a process adopt a grandchild as its child?
How does `at` know there will be a time change?
firewall NAT failed while working on nearby equipment; bad cable, both nets up, but packets not passed; troubleshooting advice?
Disable buffering for file descriptors in bash
Permission denied on Nova Server
Setting a calendar to run a program in Ubuntu
How to prevent applications from causing Powerfail when power management is configured to suspend at 10% battery
Find string while knowing part of it and return string
why does the following `find` command doesn't `ls -l` each file in the current directory?
Are the following commands equivalent?
How to open PDF-file locked by password?
Mounting Windows Shares after Windows 10 1803 update won't work
Why is this code injection not working?
how to load an xmodmap configuration file using .xinitrc
Strange Konsole character encoding behavior
Does TTY always get used when we open any terminal?
Can't find /dev/disk/by-label/ANARCHYV100
Deleting old directory
CentOS 7.4 Samba share access denied
usermod question about option e
dsniff & httpsniffing
How to merge files with same names
Cannot bring up wifi interfaces on Kali Linux
Unable to log in to any user accounts on a fresh install of Arch linux
How to count how many files belong to each user/group combination?
What does "if echo $line | grep -F = &>/dev/null" do?
Change encrypted partition UUID
What does the -p option do exactly with the cp command?
ebtables drop / limit smtp port
Freebsd: pf firewall doesn't work on restart
mbsync not downloading new mails?
Using shell code for LocalForward in ssh config file
Arch linux not being added to grub2
yum Error: No module named site
"Sudo apt-get install -f" will not fix dependencies
Warning because addgroup tries to create an already existing user group
mass file encryption not working with openssl
What is zImage, rootfs
pipe ls to grep (lines vs. "items")
Move files only if filename based regex does not match file in target dir
linux + iptables + /etc/sysconfig/iptables
Side-by-side comparison of more than two files containing numerical values
Output lines between two parameter dates INCLUDING the first parameter date but not the second
Barnyard 2 install failing on OpenBSD
Is it possible to find boundaries of a Solaris2 partition after MBR corruption?
Backlight of external keyboard with linux mint
WSL - Different behavior for zombie processes
Understanding the Netcat properly
Comment from start of file to a pattern matched line using sed
How can I prevent Bash expansion from passing files starting with "-" as argument?
Bash Read: Reading comma separated list, last element is missed
How is the Linux kernel partially written in assembly when system calls are required?
How to give permissions to all files of a server in a user without making him the owner
Run program when/instead of writing to FIFO?
ssh reverse tunnel with dynamic port for backup over ssh in DMZ
Yum is not respecting `Requires` maximum version. How can I debug and check what yum thinks the dependency version is?
build regexp that does not depend on the order of input data
Mapping from uname -m to /usr/src/linux-headers/arch/*
GREP only xyz.log not xyz.log1
How to cleanup network interfaces after an LXC container crashes on startup
kill -s SIGINT does not work as expected when launched from init.d script
What is the difference between GRUB variables GRUB_GFXPAYLOAD and GRUB_GFXPAYLOAD_LINUX?
Automatic symlink to latest folder
Redirect all keyboard input to a detached screen session
Plasma 5 - Wallpaper background reset to blur at every login
Default TCP KeepAlive settings
How to install old 32bit packages (i686) on CentOS 7.6
Can not install docker to centos 6.1
udev rule doesn't work automatically, but it works with udevadm trigger
extract `.sh` scripts from a string and reformat them
Repair a corrupted .odp file
Kernel panic after changing CPU and motherboard
Fedora30 installed on USB pendrive, seems to took control over my BIOS-UEFI
Converting multiple commands into a for loop
How to put secure password in Jenkins Groovy parameter script
Debian -> Setting up HDMI input port on laptop to send the screen to TV
How to create RPM for generic Perl module
How to set cron job for every 5 hours
How to find the number of threads in a OpenVZ containers
Linux command that continuously outputs string of text
How to prevent `atime` in Linux from overwriting `Date created` in Windows on NTFS?
how to update path of commands?
Iteratively adding value to column of text file
How shell get control of the terminal after wait()?
Get status of current AFS transfers and cache?
Can I convert fields in XML to tags using xmlstarlet?
Get information about CVMFS transfers and files in cache
Delivering email to Maildir PreINBOX
Proxify dns queries at the command-line
How to display unicode characters in ncmpcpp
Ask for a password in POSIX-compliant shell?
How to select from 2 numbers in a script?
Error while loading shared libraries: libGL.so.1
Event handling and networking
Fill empty lines in specific column with values
Postfix - external email notification when an internal email is received
SSH into a remote shell, execute a 'source' command, and stay in the remote shell
Squid cross compile
Count deleted files with interactive rm (rm -i)
Installing Nix or Guix without root permissions?
Restrict a process to accessing only a specific directory
A way to keep dotfiles and configuration with ssh
Function symbol gets '.part' suffix after compilation
mysqld stops right after starting because of corrupted tables (disk full + hardware reboot) - how to fix it?
Interactively remove files in loop with standard input redirection
Error: GLX is not available on the system
Get the list of packages that are not installed on a Debian system
Compare records value with each others
How do I prevent application from auto-launching when logging in via SSH
List all dependencies for package
Do not wait until the return for Shell redirection
Zip the contents of a directory without the directory itself
What is the source of the "compile it yourself" mentality in linux
I'm unable to create a static ip route. error says: RTNETLINK answers: Network is unreachable
Is there any parseable process monitor?
Cannot remove /log/var/snort as root
Is it possible to display a static image on VNC connections?
Query Firefox password database
How can I use apue.h on mac 10.9.4
id command doesn't show all user's groups
RHEL 5 license for RHEL 6?
Upon bootup, all iptables are lost because the kernel module ip_set is not loaded
append something else before ssh-copy-id
lxde: active window in lxpanel Task Bar (Window List) plugin is indistinguishable from other (inactive)
Copy directory not just the contents
Is there a system call to bind a file descriptor directly into another?
How to await Solaris zone boot (first time)
Can't ssh to github from a remote machine: what should I do?
Why my systemctl v208 command doesn't support some features?
Why does `mkdir -pm` not set the permissions I asked for?
replace all dots in filenames with underscore
Extract tomcat parameters from ps output
Logrotate no longer reads symlinked configuration file due to non-root ownership
Kill a Process for a User
What does running "< ./somefile.txt" in shell do?
Installing a new OpenBSD kernel "safely": why does `make install` go through these extra hoops?
pipe line with non-deterministic output
Create a GPT partition covering the free space
Recommendations for Free Linux monitoring tools
Bash Autocompletion (rather than tab completion)
How to start a cron task?
How do I create a simple tmux conf that splits a window?
Replacing shell variable names in another variable
How to calculate per CPU load
Sorting ls output by time, when there are too many files for a single invocation
Debian live USB has no EFI boot driver and cannot be installed on an Acer laptop
HPUX throwing an RST 30 seconds after a sucessful NFS mount
Automatically add slash when navigating through symlink
Group and total of a list
Percentual dynamic bandwidth control
Mycroft AI can it be ported for ARM processors
How to append data to a variable using \n as separator?
How can I add all my groups to a different user in bash?
MOTD not displayed after installing openssh from source
Is the entire kernel loaded into memory on boot?
Remove extra header lines from file, except for the first line
PermitRootLogin No and Sudo user – Where is the difference?
How to use backspace as a shortcut in Nautilus to go up a directory or previous directory
How to exclude the output file from ls output
Print array line by line in a here doc
How to run a program in a screen, redirect all output to a file and detach
How do i create create a bridge for virtual machines
How do I install an older version of Apache httpd in CentOS 6 using YUM
creating and sending a self-signed public key using GnuPG in CentOS 7
df, du report incorrect disk usage
Why can't I kill this process?
apt-get ignores my dotdeb repositories
Should I ignore or totally block non-SMTP command attempts?
Monitor shown as 16:10 instead of 16:9
Nvidia linux drivers on Dell XPS L502X Nvidia GeForce GT 540M
Multiple boot: Windows-10 along Linux?
Ambigous redirect done >$2
How to recover after removing only LUKS key?
How to remove a package on a debian-based system WITHOUT removing dependencies?
How to add the content of a text file to the middle of another text file
Error while executing a.out from C shell
Rename file by its folder name
Can't boot into installer of Mint or Ubuntu
Want to edit a file content for Removing the string after the last underscore and before the file extension using Unix commands
Drive won't boot from its Grub, but will from another drive's Grub, after cloning, why?
Folder size du, ls
curl command from a linux system to access https://ssl-failure.thousandeyes.net results in an error
replace multiple strings in a file in python3
How to create a recursive manifest directory
Figuring out the remaining seconds left until a certain time with bash?
Freebsd: backing up dotfiles with a shell script
apt update gets stuck on Debian
how to print interface names only
SELinux is preventing $_POST variables on Amazon Linux 2
How to append a new disk to an existing folder
Rename a specific part of a lot of files
Sound on multi-seat system?
Openvpn in docker-not available connection
linux bash dictionary check if empty
Rsyslog alter log line before forwarding
workaround debian pin by architecture
"Last resort" Linux terminal command to reboot (over ssh) in case of a kernel bug?
Do Access points use softMAC or hardMAC?
What is the best site or book for practicing shell scripting?
Solaris prstat - definition of “recent” time used in percentages
How do I login to the same remote server with two different usernames via key-login from a same local user?
Running a "scheduled"/delayed script as sudo on server, via ssh - and right before ssh exit
Android chroot Debian
sed to replace a word from a file with the contents of another file?
Kali Linux Install Issue
What does `1>>` and `2>>` mean in a bash script?
vpn l2tp connection on ubuntu 14.10
how to use bash to run a same command with a group of variables?
Using connman, how can I set resolv.conf options when connman keeps overring the file?
USB keyboard is disconecting automatically (without being unplugged)
Can a zImage be used with U-Boot and ArchLinuxARM?
What is the meaning of the contents of /proc/net/unix?
Gunzip in range of files
bash: [: missing `]' when the test stored in variable
How can you bind ^[ or M-[ shortcut to an action in nano?
Multiple SSH keys - not identifying
How to stop OS from asking to execute markdown files?
LVM not able to be resized or checked with resize2fs and e2fsck
mute media key doesn't toggle
How do I connect mobile hotspot internet to red hat linux 7.2
GParted won't resize physical volume
Recursive (nested) grep gives "invalid character range" error
Replace a number with sed/awk
What separators does the lexer of bash use to break a command into words?
How can I get information about TLB memory on macOS
iptables network address translation from lan to vpn
Run dhclient on startup
Getting differences of file between specific revisions/branches
Git-bash UNIX: Switch columns/fields using cut?
How do I use sed and sort to grab text between two markers and sort them alphabetically?
What is the best way to explain this LVM output?
Transparent Bridge from Existing WiFi to Ethernet?
SSH Hostname not found
Why is unquoted $PATH containing whitespaces safe in an assignment?
Does we need a delay time between command in Linux ?
How to display columns in tab separated files nicely?
How to change ls color for entries with extended ACL?
How to override systemd "Conflicts=" line
How to resolve the ls >file.txt dumps garbage charecters in linux?
cannot delete files / folders in mounted drives
How to use vim for editor when running fc?
rearrange the data based on a pattern
Relationship between the multiple possible configuration of domain name servers
While read -r line, cannot access $line from within a if within this while loop
A secure way to confine FTP login users to a single directory
Recommended Linux distribution for statistics?
dhcpcd can't startup at boot
What is the best practice for adding disks in LVM
How do I let bash autocomplete wildcards?
How to programmatically determine the highest version kernel RPM installed?
Unable to successfully format 64G USB flash drive on centos 6.2/ centos 6.3
Screenshot of non active window
Route only ssh traffic through VPN
Gentoo framebuffer dual monitors
Send DXY-GL command to printer
Passing glob expressions to functions/scripts
wget recursive with files without extension
Booting grub legacy via qemu using pxe
obtaining kernel build tree
GNU Screen weird characters on click
Vim settings within ncftp edit
Including pending update list in motd
unexpected bash behaviour after console login (openSUSE)
What is a process GID and what purpose does it serve?
How do I find out where the contents of a package are installed?
How do I use Jack? How does Linux sound work?
Getting "zsh: command not found: time" when running `time` in subshell
Redhat find process memory usage
How can I use the tmpfs to accelerate my chrome browser start up?
Proper DNS suffix setup Ubuntu 17.04?
How to create copies of a directory with sequential numbers
The "grep -w" command is not working
The `who` order means do not matching the xxx@localhost's xxx?
Wifi not works, is switched off?
Centos 7 - cups-pdf postprocessing script running but no result
Help with triage after running rm -rf /* as a non root user
How are system calls from man 2 invoked?
Packet sniffing with TL-WN722N
How can I obtain a shell without pty
/usr/bin/pass and /usr/bin/pass2
How to fix the black screen?
How to create a deb package containing multiple projects?
How to downgrade CuDNN in Fedora?
Where should I copy a portable game file?
Inline Crontab Commands?
Debian sid freezing randomly
How can I find in a log a specific timestamp
How to pipe multiple results into a command?
Why does executing `git status` change the result of subsequent `git diff-index`?
stuck on background can only move mouse and go virtual terminals
I need to know how to get sound in Linux to do something specific
How can I run a new terminal with bash, but with a custom bashrc?
Restore function in unix
KDE crashes with X2Go on Kubuntu 16.04
Swapping source and destination mac address cause packet to not be sent
Nautilus: Settings schema 'org.freedesktop.Tracker.Miner.Files' is not installed
How do you configure auditd logs to show up in journalctl?
Kali Linux Boot Partition is out of Space
Install flatpak on Redhat
$-expansions not performed as expected when following a redirection
How can I get the windows installation in a virtualbox in ubuntu host to have full resolution as the original monitor?
Dirty unmount of nginx cache dir on reboot
NT_STATUS_ACCESS_DENIED listing \* when moving home directories to another location
18.04.1-Ubuntu: Mail command unable to set mail body with attachment
standard/simple way to mount remote directory
Is there an application to watch changes in auto starting apps and services?
parallel with quote in command
Is it possible to talk to a different subnet through another device?
How can i track down how is these files created
ssh & sftp work with netns, but sshfs doesn’t
Adding Options To IPv6 SLAAC RA-learned default routes that survive RA-updates
Redirecting with yes > /dev/null & top
Can't read directory from owner with 700 permissions
Advantage of elasticsearch over grep when trying to search keyword in logs files
SDDM not starting WM after login of NIS-User
print a sequence in a file
Nvidia driver 418 missing dependencies
What is the meaning of -n in IF statement
plink from one server to another server sshpass
How to modify this `while read; mv printf` code to rename only files of certain filetype?
Cannot make AMD Radeon RX550 work on Debian 9.4
KVM Windows guest battery
Linux: Alternative to UBIFS on MLC NAND
Controlling a background process
Where does add the path this command: export PKG_CONFIG_PATH=/usr/local/lib/pkgconfig
Can’t obtain IP address with netctl
Archive mirrors for old Debian
How to search and delete chars and then insert
Are all Debian .deb packages compatible with BunsenLabs Linux or only some?
Better performance for music production using Wine or Windows-on-Virtualbox (on Linux host)
Create shell script to ssh inside remote host and ping from that host
Shrink unused space in raw image
What's the systemctl equivalent for a command like 'chkconfig --level 5 iptables on'
How to determine if a controller is true hardraid or fakeraid?
alt + keycode to produce dead key
What is the ^@ key
File system Inode flags: difference between FS_IOC_GETFLAGS and FS_IOC_FSGETXATTR
Why does command injection not work in this example?
What does "`_`, `-`, `--` or the empty string is used for the shell's error messages" mean?
Failed "make menuconfig"
Turn off bell in tmux but keep hook
variable error in bash
Asked for a passphrase for a passphrase-less private key when SSH'ing on a virtual machine
Cannot change default display manager on Mint 19 Beta
manual pages of built .deb install on Debian but not Ubuntu
Store a custom serial number on a USB flash drive, immune to overwriting
Perl Issue on OS X El Capitan
LEDE cannot create modem interface
Configure IPSec so the user identity is passed to iptables rule
Pipe sed capture group through external program before replacing?
Boot into windows directly (not windows boot manager)/Editing the windows BCD from linux?
How to install apt-get on ChromeOS?
Ideal way to restrict querying of sudoers ldap configuration by anonymous users
My SSD has unexpected inconsistencies showing up after some time of usage
Using a file with newlines as input to sed replacement
SlimBlade button mapping in Linux vs. TrackballWorks
Trash emptied but memory not cleared
Difference between ls command options:`ls -a` `ls -al` `ls -all`
Why doesn't 'sudo -E' preserve the function environment variables exported by export -f?
How to TTY on Debian into Huawei e5573s
Why is "wget -r -e robots=off http://ccachicago.org" not acting recursively?
How to execute a Bash command and execute two statements on failure?
How to sort these lines?
What is the effect of "${(@f)…}" in Zsh?
What are the default openSUSE 13.1 user groups?
Wifi on Fedora trouble
solaris.grant and granting/delegating rights?
What happened to Primary Administrator profile in Solaris 11?
Using AWK to delete line and output result
bc removes decimal point
Quoting text with > in mutt
How to find out what's wrong on all of my Qt programs?
Why is Apache not respecting aliased directories?
Setuid directory permission implies execute permission?
Using notify-send with cron
Fedora 20, startup script with network settings work correctly but without real effect
How to type from the source directory on mac
Battery issues on a Lenovo Ideapad Z460 running Ubuntu 13.10
Include colouring in GNU ls time-style
Auto-switching PulseAudio profiles based on input(s) channel count
Why can't I enable Transmission on FreeNAS 9.2? I keep getting an error
Why does aptitude refrain from upgrading [UNAVAILABLE] packages?
Where is information about hard/soft links stored?
Impossible to mount USB hard drive. Filesystem not recognized?
Google Chrome on Ubuntu 12.04 Freezes My Laptop After Fifteen Minutes of Use
using grep --perl-regexp
/usr/bin/ld: cannot find -ldb while compiling iproute2
Local variables in zsh: what is the equivalent of bash's "export -n" in zsh
Other than a kill command or a system kill(pid, signal) command, what can cause a SIGKILL to occur for a process?
Installation instructions for HP 7 tablet (also called 'Mesquite')
How does Linux deal with a separate /boot partition?
FreeBSD Ports Broken -- Python Issue? Portmaster -a
Is this an array?
Disable emulated scroll wheel (EmulateWheel) for specific programs
List all NEWS from previously updated packages
Send specific log with specific pharse to my mail
PTXdist + Linux ARM - PCIe not coming up
How to SSH to a list of network devices and execute a list of commands?
Unable to exclude .cache from duplicity backup
xrdb colon missing error
Linux: FIT flat image tree format execute a script
Reference function in Makefile?
How does this command work so that the parent directory will be deleted after its subdirectories are deleted?
Background transparency for Gnome Terminal
Dealing with non-standard SMTP ports with sendmail -t
archlinux netboot diskless node/system, systemd on NFS (v4) fails, rpc.idmapd
Why is Nemo displaying each of my MTP devices twice?
Manjaro on HP Laptop - Battery drain while powered off
Need to delete logs from different locations using shell script
sed or grep regex problem
starting nginx - command not found
How to use pv to show progress of openssl encryption / decryption?
How do I make a duplicate of a directory tree with symlinks duplicated relatively?
View and delete part of data in binary file
Determining the max RGB value (white) on a xterm-like terminal
Error keeps appearing “syntax error near unexpected tokefi”
Locate Large Files - Discrepancy between Parent Folder and Child Folder
Bash - Execute two commands and get exit status 1 if first fails
Unable to run jar in directory as user
Is it possible to uninstall OpenOffice?
Ubuntu 10.10 notification system area , many icons disappeared like network manager
Is there a way to determine the optimal value for the bs parameter to dd?
Creating new initrd without installing kernel
Name resolution issues in Ubuntu 10.04
Why is file ownership inconsistent between two systems mounting the same NFS share?
Get last set of non-empty lines
Screen brightness always maximum when logoff or restart
Booting without initrd
How to cancel :X encryption in vi
Can I change root password by sudo, without su?
Differences between Debian and Ubuntu
Understanding top and load average
Why did my crontab not trigger?
How to get the char at a given position of a string in shell script?
How to suspend and resume processes like bash does
Forcing GNU make to run commands in order
Unable to boot Chromium OS from USB drive
How does the Linux file system/organization differ from Windows?
Looping through files with spaces in the names?
How to test what shell I am using in a terminal?
get numeric ASCII value for a character
What graphics card is "best" in 3D on Linux?
Linux equivalent to ReadyBoost?
Is there a web based converter between rwx and the octal version?
Is there a way to set network proxy system-wide?
How can I monitor disk I/O in a particular directory?
How should one set up full-disk encryption on OpenBSD?
A problem with find and grep
Is it possible to transfer a running process to your terminal?
Foldername as parameter
Redirecting sed matches to individual files
Why doesn't "ps ax" find a running bash script without the "#!" header?
sed/awk remove newline on two pattern matches
Bad user/group via NFSv4 mount: nobody user?
Enable/Disable X on an established SSH connection
basic webscraping from the CLI
disable second mouse click, that clicked immediately.
read 1 or several lines in bash - make it work when pasting (in addition to typing manually)
How can I find duplicate processes on FreeBSD?
Remove injected code from all php files in directory on Ubuntu
running commands consecutively in a bash
How to Manage TeXLive 2016, Lyx and Tikz in Linux?
How can I add a user-chooser to all system dialogs?
How to connect to device via SSH over direct ethernet connection
dpkg: error: cannot remove architecture 'i386' currently in use by the database
How to find system language within Python?
How to install stable tazlito on Debian Stretch via Internet?
Restore files from vmdk with logical volumes
In what circumstances i cannot create setuid for file and stickybit for dir?
How to apply iptables nat rules on reply packets only?
Where could I get packages.conf file to build tiny SliTaz?
Screen turns off when logging out
"File type Zip archive (application/zip) is not supported" when opening a .pdf file
Prevent file from being modified or deleted even by chattr
Find which file is providing the proxy settings to a host
Can USB devices be used with X11 over the network?
Is there a tool that feeds journalctl log updates to the program of your choice?
Unrecognized Joystick in Wine
List lines that are the same in the second part but differ on the first part
Which subfolders of $HOME should I put on a scratch disk, and which on a backed-up one?
How can I tell if the Debian installer has booted in UEFI mode or not?
"SSL certificate validation failure" when verifying wildcard server certificate in MariaDB 5.5
manage comma seperated-fields
equal comparison on jq variable
Unable to type character "n" in ubuntu command line interfaces (R, mysql, python,...)
Bind - proper reverse config
DHCP server does not send all DNS servers in DHCP offer
Convert Debian Makefile for FreeBSD
PS1 for Bash + Korn
How can i parse a xml file from the http URL without downloading the file and print the desired string?
iwconfig shows no wlan0
Force apt(8) to generate color through pipe?
What decides when cron.hourly runs?
Iptables rules not working
Encrypt file list when creating 7zip archive on command line
How to create an user only with SSH -access and easily-set-up .ssh -dir perms?
StackExchange with Elinks
Remove duplicate $PATH entries with awk command
Which GNOME themes are suitable for black and white printing?
Control Initial size of xfce4-terminal?
Forcing X to recognise video ram, saving the file 99-vesa file
Help understanding `find` syntax on Solaris
Replacing one test string with another in particular column
AES-NI accelerated ZFS v31 encryption in Solaris 11
Is Native Language Support (NLS) kernel support still necessary?
How do I run a program only once per day, while accounting for variable uptime and possible failure of program?
How to reduce size of swap after a system is already installed?
How can I kill the top CPU/IO process quickly?
lsof compares to pfiles, difference?
How to do integer & float calculations, in bash or other languages/frameworks?
How can I share a desktop / log in graphically for an Ubuntu that I have ssh but not console access to?
Does OpenSUSE Instlux overwrite Windows?
Fedora 17 boot hangs after changing to CDM
How do I find a bunch of files with a string in its filename (or body text) and then move all those files to a specific folder?
What is the space overhead of different filesystems?
is there a way to get newer packages when using a debian distribution?
What means warning: rpmts_HdrFromFdno when installing from rpmfusion?
Fix terminal title after SSH remote logging to another machine
Linux error:No such file or directory
Bash Linux random CLI Password generator and `<`
How to execute a function in the .profile file
KTorrent: Moving data in a shell script
Search and delete .Trash
Source code of original Netscape Navigator
Force usage of DNS server provided by DHCP?
Keep ext4 journal on another system, how much space would be necessary?
How to add the RPM Fusion and livna repositories to Fedora?
How can I set Dolphin to be the default file manager in KDE?
Strange case: Text file that exist and doesn't exist
xterm title bar: display path with spaces?
Scheduling CPU, between User space process/threads and kernel tasks/jobs
How to move swap from encrypted lvm to one-time key?
How to make g_printer (USB-gadget printer) work in Orangepi Zero
Controlling audio volume with the mouse wheel on screen edges
The strange behavior of some /dev/sg* files
Unable to set right access capabilities
Reinstall bootloader (systemd-boot or GRUB) without external media?
What is the correct location for PS1 Shell variable?
Debian - unattended-upgrades: environment variables
SSH jump proxy to access RSH-only endpoint
Linux Mint, Backspace Key and open two steps parent directory
Error when installing Centos 8 on VM
Detecting and categorizing device drivers in a running system
How can I loop over possible completions?
Does the command listen apply to Unix Datagram Sockets?
Sed with angle brackets
What types of regex DO support (e.g.) negative lookbehind?
What does dollar underscore mean in tcsh? $_
Flac playback in Iceweasel
How to sum time using bash?
Using chown $USER:$USER inside bash script
how to resolve webmail after iptables change for odoo?
Reason why ssh RSA key would change?
Have a single program run in Debian
How to loop through file pattren and rename file name in linux?
What is the proper method to add missing distributions to a running FreeBSD?
Is there any way to determine the signal that was caught from inside a bash trap function?
How to mount a Google Drive directory locally?
Script with curl works manually but not in cron job
Error while building libxcrypt
Why are arguments of a command altered when viewed by ps?
How to list only the file names of the same type in the directory?
Ubuntu One: Problem while trying to register
How to rotate login screen in elementary os Freya
How to see more information for queued Jobs in SLURM
login shell (bash) - how to we invoke a login shell
grep command to extract certain word only
filter based on a field value in awk
RedHat Glibc - multiple packages
Freshly installed elementary OS Freya missing on boot menu
How to install applications temporary into RAM on LiveCD?
Best way to grep big binary file?
EXT filesystem family: Why does the first superblock start at offset 1024?
apt-get doesn't work on kali linux v2.0
I want to try out AIX in my pc, can i emulate it or get it to run for a very affordable price?
Must I add ">&2" in the end of echo command?
Duplicate a file with random probability
Process substitution syntax. Forward/right bracket vs backward/left bracket
Launch Spark in Foreground via Supervisor
How to get new ip using dhcpcd
Wireless ssh "issue" (No route to host)
What are the keyboard-shortcuts for Matchbox window manager?
Acer Aspire touchpad not detected
chpasswd apply changes in the chroot directory
df human-readable calculation
Error while installing nis (3.17-33) on debian 8
Does udev (/udev) consume storage?
sed throwing sed: -e expression #(number), char (number): unknown command: `(letter)'
How to print a vim list to file in ['l', 'i', 's', 't'] format?
member ../lib/lk/liblk.a(debugfs.o) in archive is not an object, error while cross compiling perf
CVMFS file access slow, although file is in cache
Debian Cinnamon seems to have two window configurations for different applications
How to do a fast convert of a .xls (MS Excel) file to .csv
Time Machine with GUI for Linux Mint
Installation of latest version R for linux
PulseAudio list-sinks missing ALSA Devices
Why do some TCP reset packets show up in my iptables log?
Installation of R
Why is Enlightenment 17 (Debian 8) not showing an icon when plugging a CD or USB pin drive?
How do I write a script to automatically optimize all the PNGs in my MediaWiki images directory?
awk/nawk alternative on SunOs and Linux
ls -l numbers between the size and the group
Remote Syncing RSnapshots
How to remove spaces from the line after a given word?
YUM: How to see what an RPM requires, and presence of prereqs on system without inet
vim continued forward/backward search direction
How to link to original dir by linking a link to that dir?
scp using ssh tunneling
systemd run unit on success of another
unable to access my rails using Public IP of my Ubuntu server in a browser
Append to fields with condition
Confirm if an IP is in a list of CIDR
Use `~/.systemd/*.service` rather than `/etc/systemd/system/*.service`
Errors on cloning disk with cat
Cannot use root ssh despite option "PermitRootLogin yes" in sshd_config
Linux installation issues, grub2 not loading
While running steam the following error shows, what should I do now?
How to recover data after lvremove in centos 7.0?
Is it possible to implement IPv6 on a virtual interface (eth0:1 interface) in Linux?
What are these errors of ignoring file?
Sudo - DNS Lookup ( tcpdump )
Alsa+pulseaudio settings at reboot
why /var/log/wtmp and /var/log/lastlog have read permission for other users? Is it necessary?
modify specific column with sed or awk
How can I completely remove tmux together with its .conf file?
Centos Mounting /usr to new partition
Interrupting a for-loop in bash, but only after an iteration is completed?
How to prevent kernel modules to load?
Vuze not starting?
How to get rows whose nth column contains mth column
How to upgrade from Debian 8 Jessie to Debian 9 Stretch?
What other options besides ifupdown are there for general users/sys-admin?
Is is possible to copy a running process between machines?
time-stamps analysis
Kibana- Want to split vertical bars based on my log fields
why is netbase removing some services?
Wine + Controller (x360ce)
Is that redundant for groups=0(root) listed in id command output?
how to configure alpine to list all remote IMAP folders together?
Assign specific IP to application
Package clearance for CentOS 7.3
What is the difference between **pts** and **tty** and **:0**?
Is the latest version of Spotify linux version available on Fedora 25?
UEFI Secure boot key restrictions?
Can we kill inetd if there's nothing using it / no config?
Use nmcli to modify VPN password?
Linux mint freezes after clicking on run button in android studio
How to remove/alter search results from Linux Mint start menu?
How to make 'mail' command work properly via SSH?
How to search and replace in the entire system?
"merge" the contents of one shell script file into another
Debian 8 Synaptic issue
Parsing oddly formatted permissions
how to detect if isolcpus is activated?
Copying file to destination directory overwrites directory with file
Redundant array of NTFS disks
Not able to remove a file
Cannot write to file with write permission
Strange changes in files
How to run a script when install a rpm package?
What are the chkconfig directives (classic style) into init.d scripts?
Read log file between two dates
How to add a line from a list into another file when a specified line is found?
How to repair system if kernel panic?
perl script explanation please
Apache subdomain can not be resolved
Copy website from RedHat to CentOS
Is there a way to refer to multiple files in a directory without retyping the whole path?
Zsh: quickly bookmark commands
How to add a program to be indexed by Synapse?
process memory usage
How to kill all processes that don't have specific parent process?
Midnight Commander: file size format
Boot up problem with RHEL 6
Fedora 18 guest in VirtualBox 4.2: How to assign static IPv4 address to guest regardless of active ethernet interface on host
Gnome keyring issue
GParted doesn't recognize the unallocated space after my current partition
Upgrading Debian Squeeze to Wheezy - Should updatedb.conf be kept or replaced?
List all files in a directory recursively but exclude directories themselves
test for existing directory passes for directory that does not exist
How to set stylus detection distance on Fujitsu Tablet PC under Debian 10?
Find files and directories over a certain size
Installing competing library versions
How does current Cassandra query write/ read come if I change the consistency level on the fly?
Fail2Ban does not want to run
Excute a sudo command inside a bash script with mutiple functions?
How use Gadgets in linux?
Combining .txt files but limiting the combined file into sized chunks
Using expressions and actions with 'find -o'
It is possible to do a SMART report to an external USB HDD?
Is there a simple way to define different bash completion methods for different parameter positions
Why arguments which passed to .sh file are missing after sudo su?
Print and process alternate lines
Which package contains libc manpages?
Hibernate to a swap partition without using it as actual swap space
Parsing script arguments after getopts
How can I modify the contents of an image with a bash script?
Is there a way to find out which program is segfault-ing?
Best practices for writing Blu-Ray discs on Linux
Is there a Debian security APT repository that allows access via ftp?
Where can I find information on Linux device driver parameters?
Avoiding pasting with the mouse wheel
alias or bash function does not work
Are changes in crontab applied when the file is saved, or when the editor is closed?
What is the difference between symbolic and hard links?
Why is this python error message generated whenever I type a nonsense command?
In bash, what is the safest way to pass variables to another program -- $* or $@?
Can splice()/tee() be made to work with sockets, and not merely pipes?
giving grep output to rm
Unhighlight last search in 'less'
How can I detect if the shell is controlled from SSH?
Lightweight X11 alternative available?
Ubuntu 10.0 sound muted automatically on ThinkPad
Why is there a discrepancy in disk usage reported by df and du?
Script to list only files of type ASCII text in the current directory?
Dump Page table layout (KERNEL CONFIG)
How to view bad blocks on mounted ext3 filesystem?
Filesystem and journal layout
How to change title in gnome-terminal profile
fedora like ubuntu
how to assign another modifier to Alt key for X11?
How limited is the Linux-based distribution on the Nokia n900?
Why is bzip2 needed in the kernel patch instructions?
How to buld with MAKE and only --silent output on screen, but get full output to log file
how can I install flash plugin in Fedora core 3 machine?
how to make system service out of .jar file? (linux)
Ubuntu 10.10 network connection cut down after few minutes of starting
Show only stderr on screen but write both stdout and stderr to file
How can I find and replace with a new line?
Why should I use Debian 6 with FreeBSD kernel?
After cloning Fedora 14 install to another machine, onboard NIC is seen as eth1 instead of eth0. Why?
How can I keep processes running on a remote server even after turning off the terminal machine?
Debian not starting GUI
Linux Mint clock is sometimes wrong, sometimes fine
line 13: syntax error near unexpected token `('
Systemd: Service restarts every 90 seconds
Delay system shutdown with systemd?
Mapping of usb device changes afer rtcwakeup
Adding Linux to GRUB boot menu in UEFI mode to dual boot with Windows 10
How I can join two by two column using shell
There's any way to know WHEN a filesystem has been mounted?
How to prohibit users from using pkexec?
Unable to list available access points through `nmcli device wifi list` command on Debian and Pointlinux
How to rsync between two server via their common windows host
Gnome 3.12 on Debian Jessie freezes when I open dialogues
Is it possible to fake destination directory path with zip?
How to source /etc/profile and .bashrc while starting vncserver
Bash history in script: `!#:*`
How can I create a multi-boot USB using livecd-tools?
How to know what to grep for in dmesg?
Why is my wlan0 interface on Angstrom (Beagleboard) "Not Associated"?
Comparing file times in ksh
Identify Tasks/Process which are 7 days old in linux
Tunnel openwrt requests
Background Tasks on Multicore machine?
How to rename pattern in one file to another over several directories recursively
How to split a file by using keyword boundaries
Installing debian 7 besides windows 8
How can I mount a remote sshfs directory of an publicly inaccessible server on my inaccessible client machine?
Nvidia Proprietary Driver Causing Multiple Problems
Using key file as password with OpenSSL
BCache and disk encryption
How to automate connecting to multiple network devices, running a command and saving the output to a file?
Removing access privileges to backup while maintaining current setup
Automating tasks on a website on a headless server
Iptable rule to ssh over the internet
Git commit from within a Makefile
How can I replace my keyboard and mouse udev rules with xorg.conf.d?
How to update remote file?
What is the point of Virtual replace mode in Vim?
How do pdflush, kjournald, swapd, etc interoperate?
In which situation is a file written to the block-device during the umount?
Terminal-based (non GUI) virtual-computer program?
bash script user prompt for preferred directory
bash script selecting the last path variable
Finding gEDA installation directory
stat on an encrypted volume in osx takes a long time
Get the number of inode in a tree
Which tasks/commands can't be executed with user gid=0 but uid≠0 on Linux
Using Linux text editor to prepare content for Microsoft Word
Can you think of a way to stop the generation of a core file WHILE it is happening?
Can you create a volumegroup in LVM that all the Logical volumes created under it will be thin provisioned?
How do I install Slax to a usb stick?
mv: cannot stat No such file or directory in shell script
Passing quotes and full strings to bash -c or zsh -c
Custom autocomplete: deal with spaces in filenames
How to Remove Windows from dual boot setup?
ffmpeg -pattern_type glob -- not loading files in correct order
Low disk space on Manjaro / , how to resize /dev/mapper/ partitions?
What is the value of ${#1}?
Linux: Why do init and systemd use so much I/O?
sed + search word with strings and replaced all word
Running 64-bit Virtual Linux on any AMD/Intel Chip without VT-X support
How can I add new character after each line?
No entries for Ubuntu after executing update-grub on CentOS
Loggin apt history to syslog
unlang: SQL results to local variable
Trim a specific field and replace in Unix Shell Script
How can I log password entered to 'sftp' command?
grep command on shell script
VMware tools installed but not working
Configure cshrc to set paths for specific dirs
Run OpenGl program on remote server
How can I rename a syslog file
Is this a better way to summarize the Synopsis of the find command?
htop showing less memory usage
Adding a custom preset build configuration to make
Does the O_DIRECT flag bypass the Linux page cache when accessing block devices too?
How to dynamically create Bash code with a loop and execute it as it is created
Make things bigger without changing the resolution? [MATE]
Loop over a string in zsh and Bash
How do I add /home to arch with uuid if I messed up while installing?
How To Permanently Add Source IP to Route Table Entry in CentOS 5.11
Fedora 24: ports show as open when scanned from server, but closed when nmapped from outside
Give user2 read only permission to user1's subdirectory
shopt -s extglob not working as expected
Screen session started from rc.local is not visible in screen -ls under root
Why on some Linux systems, does the root filesystem appear as /dev/root instead of /dev/<real device node>in mtab?
grep the exact block of lines (content of file1) from file2
What does the '@' mean in front of the repo name in `dnf list`?
How to Configure CGI in Ubuntu?
specify X11 or WM property (xprop) when lauching application
Log the output of Expect command
How to display all the environment variables stored in my unix?
Assign hostname to a variable in ksh
Sum of columns for rows containing a specific term
Copying to USB drive modifies filename
How to change values in XML file
How to prevent "rm -rf ~" from being executed by mistake?
Use awk for values stored in a variable?
mutool pdf split and order
How to print the first line which include special word
Connecting bluetooth with HC06 fails over and over again, although it is visible
how to show battery , wifi in jwm status bar
Implement change capture
How to correctly display Polish diacritic symbols in groff?
Different result for positional parameters expansion and custom array expansion
How to disable inserting "&nbsp;" with AltGr+Spacebar on Linux Mint 19?
Extract all line from a file that contains two strings in any position
Modifying individual text fields in bash script
Correct a test in a bash script, to echo only if every file found meets the specified test condition
Backreferencing in bash
Numeric operators: if [[ "$#" -ne 1 ]] always outputs true, whereas -- echo "$#" -- outputs 1
cannot start chrome browser - bind failed: Permission denied
fluxbox: how to disable raise (ALT+Down/Up)
Can I exclude some key bindings in VirtualBox?
Rename multiple file with no extensions?
lsof: measure I/O rate of a socket fd
Loop over files returned from find?
Monitoring network connectivity in Busybox/embedded Linux
Crontab only for 24 hours, but every 4 hours
What is a typical life cycle of a Unix Datagram Socket?
Multiple grep commands with sort
setenv from awk in tcsh
FreeRadius: Authentication with active directory
File that is only readable with root privileges
Why awk understand FS="*" but not for FS="-*-"?
How to backup files with only a minimal rescue system?
Ionice on cp - why I need set dir
Comparing two files using awk language
When can I say that I have a good knowledge on linux
curl authentication works but I cannot reach other pages
What is a Binaries-based installation on Linux?
Keep execution of bash script when aborted via CTRL+X or CTRL+C
Coordinates X237595Y81600 to X2375Y8160
Change internet link when fault
How to view all the content in an awk array?
Can't connect to the server ftp.ch.debian.org
Kernel panic if LUKS password is bad x times
sed:can't read /usr/lib/libltdl.a:No such file or directory
how to update packages to current versions on the RH family of distros?
adding programs to path
Rotating a log with date included
Emergency mode on Fedora 21 - mcelog
Can't launch gnome-control-center, fglrx problem?
Debian 8 Jessie virtualbox vdi disk-image mount
sed appending filenames on newline
Add AD users to sudo group not working | CentOS 6.7
How can I tell if service and systemctl are the same command?
FreeBSD 10.2 - Is three-way HAST replication possible?
Can I install Ubuntu into a RPi2 remotely?
Can't Launch Freemind in Ubuntu 15.10 - Please Advise
Systemd wait for network interface to be up before running service
Screen going to sleep and then not coming back on
bash: /home/hadoopuser/hadoop/sbin: Is a directory
What service executes that sets up the real time clock
umask permissions that result in no change
getting a list of all lowercase words in a file
How do I install NTP from source on CentOS v7? (/bin/ld: cannot find -lcap)
How will glusterFS performance degrade (if at all) with > 2 nodes
What does this command mean?
How to check if warning banners have been created in a shell script
Ubuntu 15.10 does not read my CD drive
Unwanted question mark appended to directory name when using mkdir
OpenSUSE disabled root login (no root psswd set) >> yast, config issues
Compare two audio files
Wi-fi in Kali Dual-Boot not working
Can I make grub go back to the menu when I get the cryptomount passphrase wrong?
Insert Line in File When Group of Lines Changes
Change user maildir to custom location upon creation of the user
Rudimentary memory leak check
Is it OK to sort /etc/ld.so.conf
SSH: display warning when using (deprecated) ssh-dss key
How to fix Linux from doing fake Restarts?
How to use cp -u on a Solaris system which does not support the -u option?
How do I find files older than 1 days using mtime?
How do I see the iptables logs in systemd
Why is #!/usr/bin/env bash not working on my system?
How to get the previously used command in HP-UX reverse search
Files mysteriously disappearing
How to join two files by matching a column with an irregular number of columns?
Separating the code related to various components in awesome wm config
-w flag in bash if statement not working
How to tell Kerberos where to find the root certificate for LDAP with TLS?
KDE Neon ( 18.04 based ) stuck on emergency mode
How to enable hostname resolving in Debian?
Wrong screen resolution sometimes after sleep, with Ubuntu
How to control volume with media keys?
awk or bash to read IDs from CSV, match rows in second CSV, change value in 2nd column
How to check the history of processes
How to reference an array with a function prior to bash4.3
How to dump stack trace for all processes in Linux?
What's the format of the debconf config.dat file?
Gain Root Access to remote Server with sudo, su, and pkexec not working
How to determine freeze/unfreeze status of a filesystem?
bash: expecting number addition with +=. Not exactly sure if the operand is a number
USB hard drive I/O slow speeds
UnixLoginModule with callbackhandler for username and password
Problem with recursive change of file ownership
Shell script to update Terminal.app and Xterm titles, for MacOSX and Linux
Ansible reporting "CHANGED" on "hostname"?
Ubuntu 19.04, cannot adjust screen brightness
Update all installed GNOME 3 extensions at once
How to simulate XDG links with wine
Replacement for Terminal (Tilda, Guake, Terminator, ...) but with modifier key remapping
Need to get a single record based on latest date in the 3rd colum
How to replace the user IDs and group IDs with names instead of numbers in "ps"?
Bash Process Substitution Hangs When Listing Bindings
Add and use new ModeLine with nvidia driver
What Can I Do To Setup a Root Login In Debian 9?
Does installing the proprietary Nvidia driver fix the frequent system hang/crash problem with the nouveau driver on Fedora 27?
How do I use aplay and arecord to capture audio from the sound card line-in and then directly stream it to line-out?
dh_usrlocal: ... is not a directory
compute sum up each 2 rows and replace them with another value if the sum is less than a specific value
If I replace files that are in use by a hung process and start a new process, will it use the new files or the old ones?
Wget not working for downloading all links from a webpage
How does one automatically update Route53 from a raspberry pi server at home?
Linux CentOS grep expression
SASL Authentication failure
How to pause process with multiple child pid's (java)
Redirecting specific UDP traffic?
Pipeline as parallel command
Diagnosing and Troubleshooting keyboard shorcut issues
Python 2.7.14 on Kali Linux: AttributeError: 'module' object has no attribute 'SSL_ST_INIT'
Calling a function by a second name (homework)
dnsmasq: assign nameserver override from nameserver with dynamic ip?
Freebsd setfacl
How to get the supplementary groups IDs of a process?
Cannot get rid of tmpfs
why does watch remove the colors from git log
Spurious @ symbol at start of bash prompt in Debian Jessie
Debian - Network doesn't work on boot
Owncloud did not recognize new folders
QEMU/KVM: USB3 passthrough to FreeBSD
Does the Xresources configuration file affect Wayland?
CPU graph not functioning properly
Ubuntu 15.10 Networking Problems
zsh keeps sharing history even when shared history is disabled
fdisk Not Returning Space?
How can I change the color of this blue text on my command line?
connecting to both the internet and a local network using opensuse
RAID-1 / LVM server won't boot after power outage
What does | symbol near end of a command do?
`Interact` not working as expected in bash/expect scripting
Print/export csv file into array
how to setup network routing table for wireless network
What does exit code 130 mean for postgres command?
Replace command in Bash script from another script
Merge several files on the basis of the md5sum
Is there another brief way to detect if an item is in a vim list other than `index(L, item)`?
defunct process - is it always a child process?
Escaping a linux command
Change system properties(name) under linux
Can't find using yum search, but can see it in yum list
How to remove space in all sub directories in shell script?
Grub cryptdevice with changing device names?
Using the built-in "time" command in bash rather than the external command
How can I convert 14/Jul/2015 into 14-08-2015
Intel dual band wireless 7260 not working on Kali Linux
Why my dict methods works well without defining with extra `dict` argument ? [vim]
What module in the kernel that inform the DHCP client to start DHCP negotiation?
If condition with ssh command inside
Troubleshooting Logrotate
Why is JavaScript embedded in a PDF opened with Firefox not executed?
Two users with the same 'home' folder but different '.profiles'
Copy files between two hosts
sed command to append different text at multiple occurrence of string
How do I disable waiting for wpa_supplicant lease at boot?
Awkward awk exit code
Using Python and Scapy to sniff for ARP on Pi
how to use rpmbuild for el5 on el6 system
How can I run unattended processes as authenticated AD/LDAP users?
Global clipboard unable to copy new content if webkit based browser is running
Extracting float numbers from the filename
How to test whether the present build platform is Scientific Linux from within an RPM spec file?
getpwuid returning errno EAGAIN
"DegradedArray event"
Firejail and connecting to the Internet through an host OpenVPN client
allow access to a symlink when chrooted on the home directory
bash regex extract key = value
How to SSH tunnel from Windows into Linux into MySQL
Can't Detect wlan0 (Debian 8.6.0 Jessie)
How should Linux have been designed, if differently?
How can I use ifuse command in a bash script?
How to enforce that group X membership implies group Y membership in Puppet?
Linux mint blocks any incoming connections
How to grab mplayer output to file?
Multiple substitutions in zsh?
Need to remove a specific column in a CSV
Bash-Script is not executing command, but if command entered manually, it works
How to debug DHCP timeout on WiFi connect
pipeline as find's -exec argument
Running a command multiple times with arguments (filenames) from a file?
Select graphics card for console output
Execute script on a remote server contained on client side
Only back up when connected to power and only within time window
Are apps on one linux desktop environment compatiable with another desktop environment？
Virtualbox guest Debian failing to load xorg module
While loop taking a longer time to complete
Why does wc get wrong result with output from ps
Group a file's contents by two fields and sum a third field
Xterm Ctrl+Arrow shortcut keys
Less command change color of "~" and "(END)"?
apt-get unable to fetch archives
How to convince APT that a cross-arch package is installed manually?
Command substitution in Shell Script
Force installation of doc packages
merging all files into one file?
Error on building and installing memcached php extension
Why does sendmail's status keep changing to "dead but subsys locked"?
Authentication very slow (both with ssh and su)
Cannot delete File on Fedora
"Couldn't resolve host" when downloading Fedora 16 packages
How do I send email from a terminal?
Connect two ttySx devices on the same machine
How to add specific directory for a file during tar file generation?
How do I rename files with strange characters
mount info for current directory
Handling comma in string values in a CSV file
store the command output in an array and print one by one
Use ssh without trying ssh-keys
Change user info on the command line
lampp not working with i3 window manager
Text File Renaming Using Script
Increment a date in a file
How do I force move something when sudo mv -f doesn't work?
Rsync - Corrupted MAC on input
How to use " rm !(*keyword) in bash 4.1.2?
How do I add an associative array to a variable from an external ini file?
optirun and ssh -X
Why are UNIX logins often formed with the first letter of the first name followed by the first seven letters of the name?
`which`, but all
How to find out what color I gave to xsetroot?
How to connect two Linux computers with bluetooth?
Can new glibc versions be used with an old kernel?
Is it possible to source a file in bash, but skipping specific functions?
Different sleep binaries on Mac (Darwin) and in Linux. How to properly handle the differences?
What is the proper way to manage multiple python versions?
What is the need for `fakeroot` command in linux
I am failing to build gudev with JHBuild
Google Chrome on OpenBSD
Secure FOSS alternative to Skype on Linux & OpenBSD?
Privoxy redirect rule for Wikipedia
bash - split by single character and match found items by string
How to make an fstab entry for sshfs on non-standard SSH port and using ssh key
Can't build Darknet with CUDNN support
Passing Bash array to Python script
How to ssh to remote in script without having to provide a password
How to remove duplicate values based on multiple columns
How can I install redir on CentOS 7?
How to run next bash line even when set -e is switched
Disadvantages of ESP mounted on /boot? Performance impact?
Failed building rpm package using mock
Use read -e path in variable
Owner of the file not being displayed properly in LINUX Terminal
Kali Linux installation on USB drive
Generate postfix log file for current month or last year in 12 log files
ZFS replace disks by id
I would like to resize my /tmp partition but gparted doesn't want to change anything, nowhere
Modules did not load correctly
count pattern matches in zsh array
How to implement a worker system using only Cron?
Vimscript infinite loop
Create folder in USB once mounted
How to enable HTTP/3 support in Linux?
How can I show a progress bar using Yad or Zenity when unzipping files?
How to install removed apt
Exit status of last command using PROMPT_COMMAND
cant delete files
What is polkitd doing when it is pinning 2 out of 4 CPUs for many hours?
Separate the element after every 2nd ',' and push into next row in bash
Manjaro - Removing orphans resulted in problems
Can’t install any software from old Debian
Setting MySQL/MariaDB data directory to a directory in `home`, how can I make sure the `/home` is mounted before mysql daemon starts at boot time
Why is VT switching not working for Xorg run as root?
Fix hardcoded dynamic linking for executable
Ethernet Connected but no internet access on Linux Mint
Get the latest timestamp from a set of files based on first line in a file
ceph luminous osd memory usage
How does `xargs` work on the filenames provided by `find`, which may cause problems?
Install Java 6 to Debian Lenny
What does this warning mean and what should I do to fix it?
How to export a gnome-terminal profile?
Which ISO Image Should I Select to Install Debian 9 Stretch?
bash: ./tools/dpdk_nic_bind.py : no such file or directory
vncserver exit status 98
Gnome web browser stores downloaded files
How do I change the ownership of files within current directory, sub-directories, and sub-directories of sub-directories?
what is difference between useradd -m and useradd -d?
error: "[: missing `]'" with space before the brackets
Print out results from a bash script with lot of continue's
Aurman: remove packages that are reported as neither in the repos nor AUR
Create HTTPS server with socat
What is the correct script file to put "set -o vi" into?
UEFI Ubuntu Install (Dell XPS P31F)
Page cache coherency
In bash, a process group is a job if and only if ...?
Linux based SMB share: can access only using owner account from Windows
Creating an untouchable file for users
NT_STATUS_HOST_UNREACHABLE only with NETBIOS
Can't wipe partition table after messing with dd
Troubles establishing connection with wvdial - Invalid dial command error
Recover encrypted /home folder in Linux Mint
CLI way to repeat a command
rebuilding mdadm raid5
What is the relationship between oom_score and badness?
Find absolute path from a script
Can a user with /sbin/nologin shell login through ssh?
setserial /dev/ttyS4: Cannot set serial info
I am failing to clone a git repo when behind a proxy
How do I choose a graphics card for Linux?
Mouse detected as keyboard
Running time command with cron
Lighttpd rewrite rule
How to install Suggests dependencies of a package
cat files in current folder and all subfolders
Red5 can't find JAVA_HOME
Push local git repo to server via ssh
How do I drop non-Tor traffic in iptables and allow only Whonix-Gateway traffic?
Pacemaker cluster service can't start properly Couldn't mount filesystem
Ubuntu won't boot
amd-vi completion wait loop and other errors/messages in my attempt to install Arch Linux on blank SSD
Investigation - user's password is lost in every reboot issue
How to change colour of i3status separator?
How to install PHP 5.6 on CentOS 7?
Find package (OS distribution) manager for automation
Delete partition - Partition number
Ubuntu 16 - display port no sound
Is it safe to redirect stdout and stderr to the same file without file descriptor copies?
Elasticsearch process run under weird username
How do I exclude pre tags from HTML minification using sed?
Shell builtin `printf` line limit?
Debian 10 wifi connection with heavy delay (but no package loss)
could not insert 'ip_tables': Operation not permitted
3 IP on one ethernet that not exist!
How can i create a /tmp partition
Redirecting to both screen and file
Does ls -R make any sense with -d?
My laptop doesn't detect my wi-fi
Ping through a specific Ethernet port
Problems with laptop cooling fan
Restore part of a package that was accidentally deleted
Flashing cursor artifact in CentOS 7
Mail one liner to check if null before sending
Where is program installed after ./configure
Bash function comments before or inside the function
finding a folder names based on list contained in .txt file
Grep to find the correct line, sed to change the contents, then putting it back into the original file?
Move in crontab -e editor
Optimal way to trace back TTY session that locks a resource?
Is the lm-sensors project dead? www.lm-sensors.org doesn't load
What does "cpu MHz" field mean in the /proc/cpuinfo of a hyper-threading cpu?
Installing Broadcom Wireless Drivers for Chip BCM4360 on Kali Linux
centos yum error: Cannot retrieve repository metadata (repomd.xml) for repository
How to import a large and complex csproj into MonoDevelop 5.10 with Ubuntu 16.04 and the ASP.NET addin?
Extracting all columns containing a list of terms
How nginx is able to access its default virtual host files when selinux is enabled?
what's the simplest way to increment the numbers in this string 01:02:99 in unix?
lost folder from /mnt and recovering
Can I get bash to ignore leading `:` when it's present?
How to restart ngnix server on CentOS
FTP server setting with sharing directory
which bash is executing?
I need the counts of lines between two matching patterns
Pageres not working on Amazon Linux
centos6.4 fetchmail not downloading mail more than 5MB?
How to install less on Oracle Linux Server
Capture all output, error, warning and their appearance order of linux's command
CentOS 6.5 Internet Issue Troubleshooting
Pseudo-terminals vs. a pair of pipes
Authentication vsftpd account using remote LDAP user
Linux redhat crontab + run script with arguments
is it possbile to add comma in this SQL?
What program to use to open files? (gnome-open, gvfs-open, xdg-open, etc.)
Makefile: kill a process if it is running
How do I display a number between 1 and 100 and show if the number is out of the boundary?
Install Java 6 from Oracle to Debian Lenny
How to compile Linux kernel modules within white-space-separated directories under the following makefile?
How to check the erase block size of a Usb flash under Linux?
Does the -depth option of find imply depth-first tree traversal?
How to enable kibana at startup
How can I sign as CA a multi domain certificate
What causes a PCI ID to change
How to scroll while Holding Shift to copy in tmux?
Error when trying to connect to bluetooth speaker: `org.bluez.Error.Failed`
How do I use Ctrl + Fn + Num on XFCE
User cron jobs are not being executed any more (perhaps SELinux)
Downsides of processes with high virtual size but low RAM and GPU memory use
transpose sets of three rows to columns
Replace duplicate rows by one column
get command line agrument by variable in shell script
HTTP proxy in OpenBSD 5.8 (replacing Apache ProxyPass)
Startup script needs root permissions
Unmounting external drive takes tremendously long
Start terminal when VNC starts and execute a command within the new display
Downgrade from Wily to Trusty
What determines the GUI file chooser launched by applications?
How do I remove "^M" from a file?
Parallelise a for loop in a bash file
Remove text between consecutive occurences of strings
bash: convert array into string preserving white spaces
XTerm*faceName in .Xresources are not reflected
Zsh Performance: Should I create scripts or just add functions to a file I source in .zshrc?
shell script /unix commands for text file content editing
Issue to install package on Linux Mint
What is the actual sequence of steps during rm -Rf on a very large folder?
How to find all installed php on Linux system?
Send each VNC connection to a separate display
Alternative to wait -n (because server has old version of bash)
What and usage of shell function? As listed using declare -F
how to do update a docker container?
What kind of language construct is the swung dash (tilde, ~)?
Debian system with encrypted data that can be decrypted only from a remote server
What is the exact function of this malicious bash one-liner?
Is installing Kali on LiveDVD advisable?
What happens to UIDs upon mount of file system
How does Google manage its service package installation and upgrade?
Why are reboot, shutdown and poweroff symlinks to systemctl?
/sys/ documentation?
Is the desktop environment responsible for affecting behaviour to certain keys?
Debian, virtualenv, IPython notebook and matplotlib inline plots
How to fix "org.freedesktop.PolicyKit1" error when unmounting USBs in Thunar?
How do I change the screen font size when using a virtual console?
Disadvantages to having www-data able to log in
apt installing more packages than specified as dependencies
Gnome3/cinnamon set keyboard shortcut
mount Linux NFS. rpc.statd is not running
Can't connect to a wireless network in Arch Linux netctl
YUM UPDATE stuck forever
Running K3b from the command line
Getting error opening Windows. Error 1: Filename must be either an absolute pathname or blocklist
How can I set up a usb printer as a network printer using a linux server?
How do I use pushd and popd commands?
Why doesn't `head -c 2 /dev/hwrng` work?
pg_dump version mismatch on Debian
How does the ports package build system work?
urxvt not loading xft font from ~/.Xdefaults
What is the `editor` command in bash?
tigervnc and cmake on hpux: why cannot find zlib?
Why do I end up with 4 invocations instead of 3 when using this find -execdir {} + (plus)?
How to Do Quality Assurance of Merged Videos?
Does RPM automatically retry failed download attempts?
Create a macro for vim paste management
What OS should I use?
Add a route permanently to mac
Tmpfs mount for directories on another partition
Print random lines respecting the order of the source file
How do I list available host key algorithms for an SSH client?
iperf gives wrong output
How to increase the speed of a text console (kernel mode setting)?
Getting list of installed apps (NOT packages)
How to build a tool with specific libraries without breaking Fedora?
How to find a Fedora package providing a dependency I need?
Bash script to ftp only files of type gz in current directory
"Missing operating system" error on boot
Dual boot Mint/Windows: Lost 8 GBs on Windows side
SSH LocalCommand on exit
Synchronize directory tree with deduplication?
How to mount NFS 3 volumes on Fedora 17?
Run if statement on remote machine
Why is mount.cifs not installed suid by default?
Is encrypting your web browsing via SSH to localhost useful?
How to fix this mysql permission problem?
How do I concatenate all the files in a given directory in order of date, where I want the newest file on top?
How do I preserve the history file of cygwin bash across independent sessions?
For cygwin, how do I export the output in a terminal into a file?
tmux session lost in unknown pts, cause and possible solution?
Beep when typing backslash in cvim normal mode
Crontab with SVN and Git
Newly installed CentOS 6 shows squares instead of letters
Choose kernel for specific hardware
Which Linux distribution should I use for a Web server? 
Shell Script for going through a dir recursively and chmodding based on conditions of file type
How does pre-boot authentication with disk encryption work technically?
How does one change the delay that occurs after entering an incorrect password?
Make awk use bash with the system() command
Exim4 as smarthost with SSL?
Error when building bfilter
emacs dedicated completion window
Why is it a security problem to have /usr/sbin owned by bin?
How can I format a thumb drive so that I delete all existing files?
Why need drivers for both x server and the linux kernel?
Define systemd service conditional to network ID
Unable to power up systemd service
Opening MatLab Command Window from Terminal Shell Script
Having odd/serious probs with Kubuntu
How do I convert a datetime into a epoch?
How does Linux use a real time clock?
My vm (debian 9.10) is stucked at the booting
What are the exact functions that cron and anacron tasks perform?
colorssh:7: maximum nested function level reached; increase FUNCNEST?
Get immediate folder of file using find (issue with spaces)
Run a process in background with std input and std output redirection
Script to automatically tar files and delete the source file?
AND operator in case statement
How do I add characters to the ANSI terminal so that the user can move their cursor through them?
How to diagnose constant high cpu usage from cron
how to remove dangerous stuff from old CVS commits?
Get packed/unpacked initrd (initial ramdisk) files running again
What is the meaning of <idle>-0 in kernel debug tracing?
UEFI booting using live USB media used for MBR legacy booting
bash to rename file in directory using partial match to another file
Script to change $HOME in path to tilde ~
ausearch: NOT operator in string match
How can I pipe sed output to printf for formating?
Kali installation: EFI System Partition not showing as an option
Python3 - Too many levels of symbolic links
ldconfig creating links with strange names after patching libraries with patchelf?
What signals to trap on for exec and exit of a program?
KVM - how to install guest on Hetzner / Debian 9?
Checking to see if rsync was successful
Same capture groups and how to reuse them
GPG error in Debian Lenny
how to very exact match on complex lines
Unmounting Linux
Is ld.so an executable?
Error mounting .img file
Python file not executing correctly through systemd
How to exit a process after disown
remove line if word start in line
How to remove a package in centos 7 safely?
pulseaudio.service "Failed to start Sound Service."
Strange dependencies when install Java 6 from Oracle to Debian Lenny
How to clear /clean-up pg_xlog directory?
How do I trace library loading?
Changing GNU Java 1.5 to Oracle Java 1.6
Ubuntu keeps dismounting external USB disk on rsync
Detect CLI or Wine executable in Manjaro
Laptop wake up when lid is closed
How to install python3 on a remote server without root access - linux
What problem/pattern justifies using command substitution?
Trouble ssh to virtual Ubuntu server from another computer
What happens when a RHEL developer subscription expires?
BIND as a DNS server host command is refused
How do you configure .inputrc so ALT+UP has the effect of cd 
Create tar archive of a directory, except for hidden files?
How can I generate email statistics from mutt header cache?
Charset / font in the Linux console
Migrate boot partition on encrypted install
while loop comparing two numbers from a string
UFW is blocking DNS requests through VPN
Filter unique data from text file based on specific columns without sorting
Error "sort: cannot read: +1: no such file or directory"
Make a list of URLs if webpages contain specific text
How do I install linux "header" files for virtual machines?
Downloaded newer image - docker: Error response from daemon: OCI runtime create failed: container_linux.go:348:
Is it possible to manage windows in batch mode in vanilla dwm?
Bash: compare target date to series of dates
Bash assignment variable in for loop returns "command not found"
whoami returns user, but usermod complains it doesn't exist
Does the Linux Kernel use event-loops to keep itself alive?
Linux Mint 19.1 BETA service management?
Lyx does not appear in "Open with..." list, Ubuntu 18.04
Gentoo "profile" definitions?
What is the Linux Plumbing Layer?
Warning Kvm is Not Available
Prevent rsyslog from logging remote hosts messages to local /var/log/syslog
How convert these output into human readable format
sed to replace with backspace
Why are commands used in (pre|post)inst scripts not listed in dependencies?
Comparing float values in bash
urxvt - force column width
CentOS with AutoSSH, Port Forwarding Clarification
Help and/or info comand simple
Remote Desktop Connection Login Failed, error-problem connecting
ping on linux vs ping on mikrotik
Bash, insert last used argument of current command
Split an input for different command and combine the result
pipe speed benchmark with machine readable output
Get git branch from several folders/repos
How to force rpm and yum to fail if a GPG signature is missing or cannot otherwise be verified?
SSH with no password
Help to read a flat file into unix and output to simplified csv like format for import into excel
Tmux identify if pane is zoomed and active
sed won't expand my BASH variable in script
RedHat machine will not boot when video card is removed
How can I change screen brightness in debian wheezy that installed in laptop?
Tool for escaping all quotes in a string/file
pipe a file to a slow processing script question
Escaping in sed command
Forwarding an email as an attachment with a bash shell script, or applescript
bash script to extract string from last output line
Strongswan forwarding traffic between two IPsec tunnels where one is a host
migrating centos with LVM + boot partition to different disk
Gstreamer ' The stream is in the wrong format.'
Debian installer fails to start
How do I find which process is causing a file to lose its permissions?
bash is eating my string
ip6tables will not accept -d destination but iptables will
moving grub to sda4, grub is on sda2, gparted shows swap/sda3 as boot - first move?
how to remove blank lines from a file range in shell
Creating a systemd service for Flask via nginx
Difference between `/` and `//` directories
How to move a folder if I can't log in to my ubuntu?
Restore GPG Cache Passphrase
compat-drivers-3.9 crash video card driver
restore filesystem after fdisk
Why I was able to fix a broken package with aptitude but I could not with either apt-get or synaptic?
Easy way to parse syslog date format
Measurement of free ram through /proc/meminfo with ramdisk (initrd)
Is it Safe to write to linux Partition from Windows?
Open/Libre Office: Restricting Impress to PowerPoint-compatible content?
What exactly is PKGBUILD and should I edit it when installing packages?
Intel 82845G Video Crash workaround
How to get name of Display Manager on Linux?
What happens when I press "Shut Down" from the GUI?
How to let sendmail preserve plus detail for .forward?
Understanding to errors in /var/log/messages
Changing timezone on Debian keeps Local Time in UTC
Java installation having issues on Centos java and javac showing different version
Launch a background process and check when it ends
pdsh command failed with connection refused
What to do with a message/partial MIME type?
`mv` has failed because of insufficient disk space, what now?
While using ssh with Gui script it is giving error
Configure Clock on different port other than port 80 in CentOS
JOIN command does not return results
sed command to leave two decimals and remove the rest after comma
rsync, delete files on receiving side that were deleted on sending side. (But don't delete everything)
Fedora 18 not working on an HP Dv7
Is it possible to get a character at terminal cursor using ANSI escape codes?
Can't boot after installing FreeBSD in VMware Workstation
How to configure Linux to cache file metadata in preference to contents?
Playing a remote movie on the remote computer
pulse-audio does not recognise my Logitech mic and my Webcam mic
Mapping between logical and physical block device names
Remove directory in ftp
Rake - "bundle exec" -  how can I avoid `bundle exec` with my `rake spec`
RTL8139 not being detected on openSUSE 11.3 - can installing openSUSE 11.0 on VirtualBox help?
Image HDD in Linux (functionality like Norton Ghost)
ext2/3/4 reserved blocks percentage purpose
Install swap files instead of swap partition manually in Arch Linux
Correcting dependencies
How to Stop a specific virtualhost in apache2
Installing Dell P713w Scanner on Debian 9
linux + tool that can identify RAID configuration
I wanted to change my default Fedora bash shell to ssh (as a superuser)
mktemp: failed to create directory via template Permission denied
How to create Windows XP styled fvwmrc file?
Why does all of X11 crash when issue is in one program
Pulseaudio no LFE (subwoofer output) in 2.1 or 4.1 configuration
bash string comparison failure, "command not found"
In nested directories, extract JPG from each MP4 frame, leaving JPGs in MP4's directory
Apache resource failed to start in Pacemaker
xfce crashes on launch of applications
Why can't sudo apt install locate a deb file?
"integer expression expected" error
How to modify a find function loop to handle backslashes and whitespaces?
Determining keycode assignments for X.org on a PC
No such file or directory /etc/init.d/functions
Is there a way to make perl -i not clobber symlinks?
Media Player with automatic File Scheduling
How to remove secureboot entry from bios boot menu?
chmod 755 has stopped access to databases
What do "extents" feature do in ext4 filesystem in linux?
All of system ram not available on Debian OS partition
How to repack an img file extracted from a device firmware?
add pairwise values looking up from a file
Compare 1st Column in 2 Files and Replace 3rd Column of File 1 with 4th Column of File 2
Trying to get the specific information from the array
Convert a value into a "Binary Number" in a shell script
How can I find files with permissions greater than xxx but ignore files with SUID and SGID
Problem Changing KDevelop Color Scheme
Muting my microphone causes my screen to go dark - why?
How to redirect the echoed code content of `:function FunctionName` into current file?
Rename the bunch of files with a specific pattern
How do see the memory used by a program in ubuntu?
Are blocked and blocked/suspend processes put into the same queue?
Kali linux starting and initializing the database errors
How to stop emerge showing "unnecessary" blockages
GRUB unable to detect Windows 10 using Boot-Repair
How to add entry for bootable external drive partition to internal bootloader?
clickable (gui) Bash script?
Example of a package that has the same name in two different distros but refers to unrelated upstream projects for each?
Why and how are some shared libraries runnable, as though they are executables?
How do I find available versions of package for downgrade?
Can not start pulseaudio
CUPS does not recognize bluetooth receipt printer
C compiler cannot create executables when installing h4toh5 on debian
Bash command-line completion function for vim and emacs 'scp://' remote file paths
Changing a specific character in a line
How do I get a list of rpms from a baseurl?
How to connect strings crossing lines in bash?
How would I merge part of the next line into the current line?
How to get past forgotten password in fedora 13?
CentOS yum module not run
file access blocked by a lock - how to remove?
How to config 'Thinstation' before build
Best way to chown on newly created directory via mkdir -p
Emergency mode start Linux-mint Cinnamon 19.2
centos 7 install docker failed
How to grep or sed every word starting with w?
Making a Nagios host less sensitive within specific time-periods
Can I set one profile for every server I connect with SSH?
Fedora 30: Cannot connect to university network
Bash loop 1000x overhead over loop core
Convert WAV to FLAC while preserving tags
Sort files into multiple directories based on filename?
How to avoid polkit error/timeout "Authorization not available" when restarting systemd services as root
How can I remove symlinks within a folder and its subfolder?
Replace special character (é - e-acute) in directory names - using find and rename
Nvidia card for CUDA and AMD for system
Korn shell and Bash substitute variable with space over SSH
find and -prune, and GNU and POSIX explanations
Can someone break down this unix grep and awk statement?
virt manager "The emulator may not have search permissions for the path"
Is it possible to send input to a tmux session without connecting to it?
What is missing from this dhcp error?
grep not working when I enclose the directory in double quotes
Persistent iptables
Updated man page for ifconfig in GNU/Linux systems.
How to write to a character special device?
What is the purpose of the VOLUME instruction in a Dockerfile?
Linux detects 2 displays through I have one
CentOS 7 Open a Port
No authentication needed to login to my Digital Ocean droplet
Upgrade Bash (4.3-4.4) in a minimal (uncustomized) system - how to, and is it safe?
Install TCP Proxy Server on Localhost in Linux
dual boot fedora 26 (already installed) and Windows 7
How to make reading and writing the same file in the same pipeline always "fail"?
pacman - get list of packages installed by user
User lingering systemd dependency on PostgreSQL
Kali Linux installation - Kernel panic
Find command get file or directory
Disk usage equivalent to Disk usage in windows task manager
Stack tilde and bar over letter
How to have backup pam module
Can I prevent tilda from hiding?
Why does lxqt-build-tools fail to build?
Error while runing Virtualbox in Debian 8
Escape unknown characters from string for -exec
What is the correct way of dealing with exit code of the last command?
Compare massive directories with progress report
How does "$" work in "apt-cache search something$"
How to permanently disable a network interface?
Install Cinnamon on openSUSE
How to combine contents of two files having the same value in a column?
Syslog-ng failover: logserver to local file
Web server seems to keep serving old images, issue with Apache & VirtualBox?
Missing unicode characters
Remove album from playlist in Audacious in Winamp mode
Exploding amount of Debian source code lines
sysrq-trigger doesn't accept parameter 'g'
Similar to solaries prstart -t command in linux
Load Balancing among multiple virtual network interfaces
iptables and physdev match confusion
Linux TTY Colours
set umask (permissions) similarly as setgid on a directory
Can Vim be made simpler?
Difference between .tar.gz.asc, git.tar.bz2 and .tar.bz2
I need data from a csv file which is not present in the second csv file
How do I check that a filename conforms to a pattern?
How do I change the Java Security level?
Using Sed with Regex
Can less load lines which were appended to a file after opening?
Replace a character except last x occurrences
How to switch to a screen with two digit index in screen command?
Evolution of the shell
What is SVN snapshot?
Saving an iptables configuration permanently
Why does the Linux virtual terminal support only 16 colors, by default?
Raid5 + LVM2 + grub2: final config and boot
What is the difference between gid and groups
External disk doesn’t appear in /dev/
When does one get the error message "jobs : not found"?
GRUB rescue after deleting linux partition in windows dual boot
Not able to follow gentoo user manual for installing onto the hard drive
Problem resizing Fedora partitions using GParted
Tor service not working, says active (exited)
Install MX Linux on top Xubuntu and dual boot
Set the password for the first build of openwrt
Can't connect to router
How pressing tab twice listing directories and files
what is the zsh bindkey command for vim's dd?
Disk spin up periodically troubleshoot?
Portuguese language, US keyboard
Is it possible for sendmail to not use all the output from a bash subshell piped to it?
Help with script over a list of files
Mailx with multiple uuencode attachments and body
Disable KMS on Debian Sid
Resolving NETBIOS names from Linux
wget -k doesn't convert all links
Storing output of shell script to variable
suse yast nothing provides .so needed by, building from source
Executing command after doing ssh to a remote server
mv: add number to file name if the target exists
"unable to load jna" error on Elasticsearch on Centos
How do YOU detect a failed XFS filesystem?
Creating a script that 'restarts' usb devices
An Alias for Moving Files and Following Them to Their Destination
I can only connect internet to employers wifi. Apart from it, I am able to connect to wifi, but I am not getting internet
What do the letters in `fc` command stand for?
Empty a directory's contents into another directory while overwriting only duplicate files/directories
Chmod 4750 on mounted filesystem with chroot (but chmod 750 works)
What does this bash syntax means? ETL_PORT="${ETL_PORT:-6090}"
Ubuntu Gnome login loop
bash, return from redirected loop, is it safe?
Authentication issue in KDE - su, sudo, screen unlocking
Script to test staging server statuses
Creating a checksum of a 7zip archive being created from a tar file being created
Why website pages' access is denied by Apache unless I replace them with copies?
Capture the type of error it is returning (500,503,402, etc) and add that in the message?
Merge two partitions
Can't write to /dev/console through node not in /dev
The Enter key do not work for choose the option when in setup in the VM
Find a file and make a symlink to parent using find and -exec
Can you create a logical volume to be within a logical volume?
Is it Safe to Transfer SSD to Another Computer?
USB drive offline in dmesg and ? in ls, but only for some files?
Exclude directory in (native Solaris) find command
How to make Drives visible to OS using MegaCLI / MegaRAID not puting them in to RAID at all?
LVM Filesystem recovery
How to replace spaces in all file names with underscore in Linux using shell script?
Device names for logical volumes
Why is deleting files by name painfully slow and also exceptionally fast?
Is it possible to simulate "no external access" from a Linux machine when developing?
How to comment multi-line commands in shell scripts?
Modify AIX print queue error notification
Restoring backup files
Selective recursive move?
Setting a Multi-Terminal Linux Server
Change file creation time on a FAT filesystem
All commands that should be used to connect to wifi in command line
How to find out from the logs what caused system shutdown?
How can I safely give a shell to somebody?
Why is 'umount' not spelled 'unmount'?
Something to convert a makefile.am to project in Visual Studio (2005)
Do you need a shell for SCP?
What is the meaning of the number part of man pages?
Why can't root on one machine change nfs mounted content from another machine?
Restricting an SSH/SCP/SFTP user to a directory
Why does `xdg-mime query filetype ...` fail to find a new added file type?
How can I get the error code (exit code) of "xdg-mime query filetype" command?
Unmet dependencies
how to type “smart quotes” (U+201C, U+201D)
Only output printable chars OpenWrt
How do I work with GUI tools over a remote server?
Why does Crontab give me an error with my PHP script when running it from the terminal does not?
Move preserves ownership of source files not allowing writes
Preserve ownership with rsync and nonexistent user
How to find the packages that depend on a certain package in apt?
I am failing to use XChat when behind a proxy
Intel hda audio issue
Is it possible to recover a deleted file from crontab -r?
dd copied UUID - How to make GRUB2 find the correct partition?
Is there a filesystem that keep track of all filesystem modification without snapshot?
BTRFS unknown space usage
Alpine linux, latest and greatest version of grep
Ubuntu - Can't execute binaries unless they reside in /var/lib/php/session/
mmap: effect of other processes writing to a file previously mapped read-only
Variable for SCP command in script
What happens when redirecting with 3>&1 1>/dev/null?
How to find why a program under Wine stopped working?
Puppy Linux can't start in computer with VIA-based video
How does route-to work in the BSD pf firewall?
How to fix bad magic number - Superblock on Linux
How to tell when a NixOS system was first installed?
Function of second grep in `ps | grep -v | grep`
Linux Mint not recognising free space created by Windows 10 shrink
What command(s) can I use in a terminal to find a program that does a particular thing?
starting application in rc.d causes terminal to freeze
How to search and replace a string with newlines on commandline in a file
Trying to compile DWM on Centos 7.2 - missing freetype/config/ftheader.h
Install torrent CLI on montaVista 6
Adding find contents to array
Which user does vi run commands as?
`source .../settings.csh` not working from `sh ./test.sh`
How can I disable app folders in the GNOME menu permanently?
restart a service after device has been mounted
Issue with resume after suspend to disk
Fetchmail message "not flushed"
xreader closes after pdflatex compilation
Setting locale in a systemd-nspawn container (debian jessie)
overwrite ext4 partition data without previous erase
Move selected information form one TXT file to ANOTHER
SSH public key error
How can I make a scrolling matrix terminal background?
Compiling PHP with apache mod_php on Linux
How to secure a sudo - powered script
Problems Using Microsoft Sculpt Keyboard with Fedora
copy every line from a text file that contains a number greater than 5000
How to investigate routing of firewall issue?
Why nmap closed my connection?
Scan for file changes in some directories once every 6 hours
Replace value in a table
Grant access to a different user's home directory
How do I specify which core a pthread is spawned on
reformat values in a table
What is the difference between ARM and armv71?
Postfix Not sending mail, but can recive
Install Linux Mint External Hard Drive Partition
Can I copy archlinux installation to another computer?
Killing a named process older than X minutes? (no killall -o)
Mint Mate 17.3: How to enable mouse scrolling in man, less, vim
Intel Braswell Integrated Graphics on Debian Jessie
How does kernel know which device tree to load?
Non-ascii chars are no longer displayed in bash
touchscreen not working under Arch Linux
Upload email from nnml to Gmail (or IMAP)
udev rule executing bot not mounting (raspbian stretch)
Could not fetch/save url ... [Errno 14] curl#35 - "TCP connection reset by peer"
Separate input file into three columns and sort it by the third column
Why is my DNS server not resolving from an external system?
rsync fails with multiple SRC
Which one should I choose for log management, systemd-journald or rsyslog?
How can i read the contents of multiple files?
Searching match of multi-line regex in files (without pcregrep)
Power management for old laptop running Linux
How could I restrict users to connecting to MySQL using only their unix username?
Arch Linux ARM: autostart openbox
Kate and indented comments
Reading /dev/input/ of PS/2 keyboard
Easy way to filter xml files in a visual way
How can I color specific parts of the rsync output?
How to install Gnome Shell Extension "Night light slider" & "Pause night light" with apt
Can a group with the same ID of a deleted group be created?
Ubuntu server on macbook: how to configure sleep conditions?
Is there any way to automatically copy a file to any mounted drive?
How do I install mingw-std-threads on Ubuntu?
Problem using find with filenames containing spaces
Will the primary group of a user be deleted when you delete the user?
mysql dump fails when done by root user
iptables block vpn from reconnecting
Will the group that "adduser" creates always have the same name as the user created?
Running the time command produces completely different output when run with nice
running an executable in parallel by dividing the input directory tree
How to redirect the output of any command?
How to change default shell to ZSH - chsh says "invalid shell"
GNOME Login Theme Downloads (Mint 16 Petra)
how to get tornado 211g (ACX111) working in mint 13 xfce?
Searching for packages using apt-get
Customizing bash for many servers
Convert Country List to Continent List in Bash
Emulate horizontal scrolling with Shift key
How to detect aspect ratio of monitor?
How to log into network in linux?
Associative Arrays in Shell Scripts
audacius warning
Install Drivers Offline Arch Linux
How to change the disk signature of a raw image?
Program acting differently depending on user
How to recover from a boot hang after deleting old swap?
VNC Server: Disable local screen when remote VNC client connects
UTF-8 in Terminator
VirtualBox Package to DL for Linux Mint
Updating a driver quirk in kernel
How do I configure PulseAudio for 7.1 Surround Sound over HDMI?
mkinitcpio did not include modules.devname in cpio image
iptables redirect outside requests to 127.0.0.1
Packet loss on linux but NOT in a vm running on the same machine!
Question about /var/log files
Cant get virtualenv displayed in grml zsh prompt
Why does the touch command works in one directory and not in the other?
Shrink MDADM Raid 5 containing LVM
Change tty respawn in Debian 9 (Stretch )
Bash script to connect to *.ovpn randomly
Remote screen session
rtl8188eus wireless adapter debian installing error
Alt-tab window list displays Android virtual devices as "Unknown"
Emacs blink-cursor-mode broken
Creating Iptables rules for router in front of several servers
How to deal efficiently with "Address already in use"?
Problems with connecting to wifi
Find differences in file and sorting file by key
Recovering ext4 superblock
How to restore data from Ubuntu if it doesn't load?
Cannot find HDF5 header files when installing h4toh5 in Debian
In zsh, how can I more quickly disown the foreground process?
I'm trying to Install Eclipse But When I Try to Run ./configure It Doesn't Work
Who decides there is mouse pointer or touch screen present?
Store CPU utilization into CSV file
Is there a web based file manager for linux?
Viewing Binary not Hex
Interpreting dd Input/Output error
Why isn't `date` respecting my locale?
How to make a UEFI bootable ISO image with grub-mkrescue?
Why do compiled programs create a copy with ~?
I cannot kill crond - trying to stop cron service
Google Chrome and VLC do not open in Kali 2.0
how to properly schedule a task that schedules a task with 'at' (atd) ? or how to properly quote/escape in bash
Error trying to restart ssh
Webmin stopped working after upgrade to Stretch
How can I limit outgoing connections to one program?
Installing newest version of go in debian, not found by other programs
How do I test bootable USB created with UEFI GPT partition scheme
How to create variable from piped data
shuf file --output file: in-place shuffling
NAT and remember the original IP address?
zsh, expand * to (a|b|c)
Fedora behaves sluggish after the upgrade 24 → 25
Paste command is not one to one
how to keep an application, as much/long as possible on the swap?
Running SQLPlus Oracle Command as Root returns incorrect answer
Ubuntu 16.04 - Change interface name
What does Linux accent-grave command do?
How to add a title bar (within the shell) to any command's output
Is there a way to tell make to apply a rule to every file that matches a pattern?
Linux From Scratch 7.10 issue, EFI partition
Executing a program on a cd. Couldn't find in search
Internet connection in server inside a DMZ
Pipe/log mix process
How to get the line number of a Zenity selected Item
What has happened w.r.t books about linux device driver programming in the last eight years?
How to fix "updatedb: can not find group ` mlocate'" on entware?
Unlink multiple file
Best way to start a service as a different user?
Linux dualboot with windows
how to match everything between a string and before next space
limit of open files: Debian Jessies´ MySQL vs Community Oracle MySQL
dynamic window title from command input (TCSH)
How to automatically start TightVNC server as root on Ubuntu startup?
How to set persistent low brightness in grub2 menu?
how can I build Radeon proprietary drivers for CentOS 7?
How much control do concrete file systems have over the VFS inode cache and the buffer cache?
XWayland not in Ubuntu
Crontab and screen at reboot
Failed to add i915 component masters (-19) Kali Linux 2.0 setup
Bash tab completion not working within symlinked directory
Use Parted Magic with YUMI
Remove second line where first few columns identical in large file
What is the power dissipation of the CPU and how does it work?
systemd: how to enable a service automatically from the first boot?
awk alter the next line after a pattern match based on another pattern match
How do you tell what the return code of a process is when it exits and where is the value usually documented?
Debian Lenny Server Compromised - No Sign Of Intrusion Point?
Dropping packets before mangle POSTROUTING
Error trying to unzip file: "need PK compat. v6.1 (can do v4.6)"
Exit from less by pressing ESC key
Fastest way of working out uncompressed size of large GZIPPED file
Shorewall on router keeps blocking apt-get update on virtual guest
In a shell script, How to give a variable another value after one job is done?
Install missing R packages when running in bash mode
Using CIFS crendentials file with OpenELEC
How to create a bootable hard disk image from an iso image?
Ctrl-Arrow does not work anymore after installing Prezto
NGINX Reverse Proxy - no user/password was provided for basic authentication
Changing the hostname on a Linux Mint desktop to a random value at boot time
Failure to update Homebrew
How to create permanent aliases on Unix-like systems?
How to rsync files between two remotes?
Permission problems. Can't retrieve inbox messages from dovecot
How do I safely get multiple filenames from Zenity?
Can I avoid debian-sa1 lines in my syslog?
Available mem shows more than total mem minus used mem
Delivery error File too large messag file too big
How to use grep on column?
How to trace USB traffic in peripheral or OTG mode?
Changing the lock screen in xscreensaver to i3lock
Use a file to emulate nvme device
How to configure Nemo's right-click "Open in Terminal" to launch "gnome-terminal"
Bash Parameter Substitution: command line vs. script
High availibility setup with NFS
Can't pin Wheezy on Linux Mint Debian Edition (LMDE)
No bluez device after pactl list sources short
Have aptitude search print full package name
What does ./ mean?
find utility does not recognize bracket notation
How similar are Android and QNX?
rm -rf all files and all hidden files without . & .. error
How to switch tags via awesome API
How to config the Mate src in Freebsd
Build binary and dependencies without sudo
Remote presentation display
xdg-open default applications behavior
"Filter failed" from hplip
Inotifywait for large number of files in a directory
Maximising windows in dual-monitor setup
Reconfigure line-in as analog-out
Where to get logs for Gnome3 when "Oh no! Something has gone wrong." appears?
Lost everything after using install-mbr
How to get all Users and echo if they work or not?
Persistent shell arguments
The VM with Kali Linux hangs
How do I stop bash from syntax checking sourced files?
Web navigation with dark color schemes
Displaying all sysvinit init scripts
How to bind v4l2 USB cameras to the same device names even after reboot?
bash: colorize second column of output
Encrypting loopback images without using a loopback device
Change default file manager in Arch Linux with E17 to Dolphin
Is there any way I can use notebook's touchpad as a pressure-aware pointer in a paint program?
Linux multi-user system: Each user's home partition on its own Hard Drive
Connecting to wireless USB adapter - Puppy Linux Wary
Installed Fedora 18 on UEFI machine, got lvm.mod not found error
Automount of NTFS USB partitions on Gnome fails if device name is sdb (FAT32 is OK)
libGL errors when starting X applications via SSH
Logs gzipped and not gzipped
Bash string range and replace
Delete files that are older than x number of days
How can I filter just one particular nick messages in weechat (IRC)
Does constant writing to "files" in `/proc` or `/sys` reduce the life of my SSD due to its limited number of writing cycles?
How to get openssl to work on Debian 9.5
Firewalld %%REJECT%%
Is it possible to allow multiple SSH host keys for the same IP?
Kernel compiling - Error during sync of the configuration
iptables, vpn server, routing
How can I change Zenity dialog icon?
/etc/fstab fails to bind mount on boot, but running mount -a works correctly
How to compile a ".pc" file on Debian 9?
Fedora spin switch
How to find boot record of external HDD
awk to search the string and count for total in a one liner
Input from readline owerwrites the prompt
Setting up special permission for a directory
Steam missing 32 bit libraries libx11-6
Layered or Virtual filesystem on Linux
How to break line after matching case but needs to go back a couple of characters
How to check if wpa_supplicant.conf has any syntax errors?
How to determine which webserver is installed with no information?
temporarily block outgoing web traffic during work period
How to boot linux kernel from network through GRUB2 console?
How to persist iproute2 routes and rules in Alpine Linux?
how to take the file names from folder
How to give the same order for "OK" and "Cancel" buttons in KDE and GNOME applications?
print capital words in first column of file
Parenthesis in expr arithmetic: 3 * (2 + 1)
grep with a lot of files which contains a lot of lines?
What is the minimum round robin scheduing interval supported by Linux?
How do I change the colour of text matching a regex in vim?
PHP on NetBeans IDE
unable to open X server with ImageMagick Mac osx
Groups in the Samba configuration
Memory allocation for sparse array in awk
Why is my trap not printing any log message?
Convert a number of seconds elapsed to date from arbitrary start date
Kali linux internet suddenly working
Upstart - load bashrc variable
RSA keys demanding nonexistant passphrase
How to rollback network configuration changes done over SSH in case of failure?
How do I use putty in full-screen mode?
slow ssh login to a remote machine
Port 22 connection refused
Add parameters to default profile in terminator
Why might these values not be uniq'ed together?
iptables rule to transfer UDP through a SSH tunnel
When GNU parallel exit，my program also fail
Dual boot Ubuntu 14.04 and CentOS 7.0
Is it possible to show on open/forwarded session in KDE?
Move matched line above a different matched line using sed
Remove GRUB on a GPT disk
fedora 24 - kate and texmaker appear zoomed
Linux gitian-builder and "dpkg: error processing package sudo"
Ubuntu-Arch Linux: Key based Authentication
How to find and substitute contents for multiple files at the current directory using shell script or linux?
How to backslash a dynamic string in bash
Why does a non-interactve bash login shell ignore /etc/profile when invoked by su -?
How to write on a second hard disk?
Combine command output along with the input
escape sequence behaving differently in function
Postfix getting temporarily banned for too many mails sent (newsletter)
How to change files creation time? (touch changes only modified time)
sed command usage to replace names with spaces
Why does exporting a variable in an ssh shell print the list of exported variables?
How to count delimiters and remove Line Feeds if not meet threshold
How do I reset notification themes?
m4 command not found after manual install
awk with regex for delimiter
Using eval in make file
Cron arbtirary weekdays range
sed /PATTERN/SUB/ $VAR?
Different function offset for same libc version
How to start and stop the Apple's Swift based productive server (program written by me) on Ubuntu linux?
Apple Bluetooth Keyboard support in Ubuntu 16.04
fail2ban is running but no fail2ban.log log file exists for it
install failing for libpcap: recipe for target pcap-linux.o failed
Boot process stuck at "Started GNOME Display Manager. Dispatcher Service"
Updateable archive format which includes file permission
CentOS XFCE stuck at splash screen
Brew Formula: How can I define cask and external dependencies?
g++ -v says the program isn't currently installed but I know it is
How can I start a service after PostGres has booted?
How do locale settings work in a process?
How to count the number of lines where all fields have some value?
Terminal displaying Tamil font erronously
Need to split a file into multiple files, but ensure the grouped data remains in same file
Restarting JBOSS EAP7 doesn't resume the service
How to set up syslog to log to both file && buffer
error: types may not be defined in ‘sizeof’ expressions
Find correct ACPI drivers without trial-and-error
Run sar daily to log file
Setting login screen keyboard layout in Gnome (gdm)
Can I automatically send from specific email addresses in Mutt?
Start vi at the last line
Where are my saved files in home folder?
How Remove permission denied with GRANT USAGE ON mysql
iptables: block communication with others in same subnet
System call 'open' mode not working
Difference between GNU AutoTool ToolChain, cross GCC and Linux GCC
bluez paired but disconnected
piping a password located in a file to the ssh command
Arch linux install not showing in grub
OpenVPN client config: Route command fails
WiFi connectivity keeps dropping
How to use grep when file does not contain the string
Print all data related to a certain field
Changing to XFCE from default Gnome3 on Kali 2.0
How can I add missing "env import" to u-boot?
KLC Trackpad driver on kernel 5.3?
In Debian, is there a list of packages with dead parent project?
Git Bash: "No such file or directory" after creating directory and trying to create a file
How to configure device to trust root certificate when using a SOCKS5 proxy?
How to align two columns that have empty spaces?
yum behind proxy ignores proxy_authentication parameters
How to find a package name and version by its library name and version using a shell command?
How to build a chroot using docker?
Different SHA1SUM on phone and desktop
Enable OCSP stapling with Freeipa - Apache
Bash here document: redirecting the input vs typing it directly
how to read file line by line and delete the line have number less than 20% shell scripting
How do I remove dot and number in just one column?
WMIC query construction differences in Linux
Cannot guest ip addresses of guests
yocto not including kernel module in final image
How to add decimal separators to numbers in certain fields
I want to configure postfix to use a relay smtp server, so that drupal uses postfix, but I don't know how to do it and I'm trying all I know
auditd exchange protocol
SMTP Error: [451] 4.3.0 Error: queue file write error in roundcube
KDE keyboard layout switcher not working on some apps
Is there a simple way to send many emails that fit a template?
Lenovo ThinkPad mute LED stopped working
Chainloading an efi file sitting in.an ISO
Ubuntu issue with "man"
Can dbus show EGL emmisons?
Git repository server GIT_PROJECT_ROOT
Why is this neomutt one-liner producing an "Address boundary error"
How to read the first field of output returned by `apt search`?
Use the XKB option lv3:caps_switch to remap CAPS to AltGr
Uploading sudoers.d file through ansible gives syntax error but opening and saving in vi fixes it
How to run a command after the previous submitted job finished
Any advantage in TAR's built-in archive support?
GRUB bootloader not loading
Creating systemd services with installer/script?
Why the 'network' tab in nautilus/thunar/pcmanfm is not updated when a remote host connects or disconnects?
Remote port forwarding with autossh from Raspberry PI to VPS in order to access the PI from anywhere on the Internet, why does it work only once?
Tranaction Check Error while runnig mock
Getting sum of entries in awk with timestamp
Grub2 chainload syslinux
Script to add users will add users but they cannot login
Using ntpd to perform a one-time sync to an NTP server is taking too long
fork(), exec() sequence with object file formats?
Ubuntu USB Wifi
File name in file system
grub-mkfont input and output formtas
What are the main differences between those linux distro vs general daily linux we use?
Syslog-ng TLS error
Systemd delete overrides
Automatic rights change when virtual COM ports are enumerated
modify lines containing specific words/characters and not containing others
ssh is unable to connect to server in VPN
Are there any circumstances in which ld ignores LD_LIBRARY_PATH?
Some hostnames in hosts file do not resolve
bluetoothd: 100% CPU usage if keyboard turn off (standby)
Who reads /etc/resolv.conf?
Tiling window manager for ultrawide display
Append something to a bash variable that holds output of commands
jboss service is not starting up in CentOS7
Multicasting in Linux
How is MIME type "text/html" registered to shared-mime-info? Where is its *.xml file?
Hide referer with privoxy
How can I read line by line from a variable in bash?
How can I get an ELO Touch Screen to work?
org mode to dokuwiki converter
what does 'old' mean in the output of `who -u`?
Multivariable For Loops
Can a terminal emulator be as fast as TTY 1-6?
Kernel Panic - not syncing: VFS: Unable to mount root fs on unknown-block(0,0)
What is the /dev/disk/by-uuid/ and why does it use all free space on the disk
rsyslog.conf only partly honored
Is it safe to delete old boot and EFI System partitions?
Filesystem content inspection GUI (like gconf-/dconf-editor)?
What are the purposes of the different types of XWindows fonts?
replacing backtick with $() not working
Log every command typed in any shell: output (from logger function to syslog-ng/journald) contains duplicate entries for commands?
Determine 2G or 3G connection
How to remove all software
Use CloneZilla to backup disk2image (Primary Boot) without CD or USB Drive?
print parent directories full path of find output
dhcp settings wifi radar linux mint
Move line from output to the front of output or custom reordering
Linux md RAID: /dev/md0 vs. /dev/md/0
Count and merge consecutive patterns
How to measure the time a packet spends on the system(router)?
Mount exFAT file system as user without specifying /dev/sdX1 in /etc/fstab
Simplest wget example Scientific Linux
/etc/paths in OS X and other Unices
How do I know the name of a tmux session?
Neither crontab nor anacron is running, how to debug?
Has my machine been compromised?
Timestamp ts not working with thinkfan
bash: test if $WORD is in set
ssh returns message "X11 forwarding request failed on channel 1"
Save find -exec output to text file
How do I prevent my hostapd access point from pretending to route to the Internet?
How can I rsync without prompt for password, without using public key authentication?
How do I share stdout between multiple processes?
VMWare Tools Stops Working upon dist-upgrade
curl command output in a variable
Route HTTP traffic thorugh different interface
cat file to multicast
Passing escape sequences to shells within ansi-term in Emacs
what is awk '{print $1+0.45 " " $2 " " $3 }' file1> file2?
User namespace error - /dev/pts mode change
Getting info about particular cgroup
Changing time format in Ubuntu
pam_radius_auth : DEBUG : getservbyname(radius,udp) returned -1217119556 on DEBIAN 9.6
Persisting name of device with udev
Control a bash instance by a script (in a robust way)
Tmux middle click paste buffer is only working on one pane
Batch download a series of files and add prefix to them
OpenStack Cloud Instance can't get metadata
Virtual server stops responding and uses 100% CPU, how to diagnose?
Redhat 7 : Where to find LFTP 4.8.3
How to make a system suspend and resume on schedule?
Linux4.7.1 arch/x86/built-in.o:(.rodata+0x5f0): undefined reference to `sys_my_syscall' make: *** [vmlinux] Error 1
Why is apparmor logging ALLOWED cases for LibreOffice?
How to set/change the default current directory for all user apps in the system?
How do I map laptop "media keys"?
key bindings for Interrupting and then re-executing previous command
how to install angular on centos 7
Removing Chromium browser from Debian 9 system
Omitting a specific part of a column - awk
CentOS 6 replaced with 7 - What should I check to make sure everything I need is on the new server?
Debian slow start after upgrade - Gnome/Wayland issue ? (Debian GNU/Linux bullseye/sid - Gnome 3.34.1)
kubernetes inodes increasing on cluster nodes but are not evicted even with hard limit
what's the execution sequence of multiple child processes
How to make use of all cpus cores for a specific PID?
Samba mount isn't mounting when switching to wireless
Boot in rescue mode with vlan support in RHEL
Incompatible group permissions in Linux - Is it a bug?
knock on Scientific Linux 6.1? (perl script for knocking?)
What package managers do popular Unix Distributions Use?
Coloring line numbers in less?
Error while cross compiling using crosstool-ng. How to debug?
login prompt not displayed after boot
Vim not showing garbage characters
how to check if ssh works without connecting to server
How would I automate sending highly similar emails with one word changed?
differences between echo""> and > command
Change working directory of 2 terminals at once
switch window manager when logging in in text mode
Command-line web browser with Kerberos authentication?
Combine LVM logical volumes?
Is it possible to limit how much CPU power a process can take?
How to remove kernel module if it's still in use?
How to copy or move to folder in Nautilus 2.30.1 like in Windows Explorer?
How to re-size virtual disk with installed Linux system?
Prevent a unix account from being able to SSH
Quoting command substituted value
Why do we need NetworkManager?
Allowing people temporary access to my server to run a command
Forcing font size based on language in .fonts.conf
how to check for disk in use on rhel
Which Fedora CPU architecture should I choose? i386 or i686?
Aptitude on Debian 6.0.4 "media change" to CD ROM
shorten long lines in a log file
resolve all ip addresses in command output using standard command line tools
how is the file /proc/net/dev filled?
How do I determine the new size for resize2fs?
How can I shrink a LUKS partition, what does `cryptsetup resize` do?
How to overwrite target files with mv?
Network via ieee1394 is unreachable (PC and laptop)
How do I determine LVM mapping on a physical device?
Google chat video - Fedora / Google Chrome
Printing unique lines
Can I redirect stdout from a background application after starting it?
How to investigate cause of total hang?
ssh fails for an unix server due to dual layer of authentication
Which version of X introduced feature Y?
iptables rule for local network with free internet blocking unrequested connection from internet to server?
Convince apt-get *not* to use IPv6 method
How does a kernel mount the root partition?
Kernel - Starting the application
Does IO prioritise by the very nature of renicing a task?
Why is my variable local in one 'while read' loop, but not in another seemingly similar loop?
How to check if bash can print colors
Best directory for shared scripts
Reading audio stream data from internet radio and pushing it to temporary file
Changing LDAP server preference on Solaris 10
How do I know for sure proxychains is really working to mask my ip address by chaining it?
cannot launch konsole from xterm
why do I get "reason is: this server does not require authentication" in xpra
Recover from faking /proc/meminfo
FORTRAN executables: heap maxed out
What is the equivalent to this apt-get when installing PostgreSQL extension for acoustid?
Execute Terminal Command in Linux Kernel Hook
How do I install and configure NTP on CentOS 7 from source? (include/ntp_crypt.h errors)
What makes it possible for a `pulseaudio' process to get the nice level of -11?
How do I make changes to an lxc template?
Can I copy output from sage to my clipboard?
What is the different between qcow2 format vs img format?
CDE: how to properly convert a jpeg image to xpm for use on wallpaper?
How to manage network adapters?
Multiple network interfaces and airmon-ng
Cryptsetup: LVM is missing (on a system without LVM)
How can I create an LVM volume group spanning 2 hard drives?
Is it OK to install 32 bit linux on virtual pc on 64bit windows system?
How to move hidden config files to sub folder in the home directory
how to monitor a unix directory and if any new file in directory it will be copied to another directory
$USER environment variable not changed to root
Where is the space from LVM partitions?
Display integral in scientific notation?
No space on the boot disk to update kernel
What does the -b option do when using the `at` command, if anything?
How to replace string within parenthesis using using sed
Function call inside make file ( Linux)
SSH/web servers in Linux containers improve security?
if condition in bash scripting
Can using chcon to essentially bypass selinux be less secure than setting selinux to permissive?
Debian package's files authentication
command not found error after giving permission to access file using chmod
How to define alias for non interactive/non login shell?
How can I save password,when using SCP (copy)?
How to run builds in Docker containers from Jenkins
Replace part of filename by directory name
Syntax error near unexpected token ` | '
snmptrap - underlying config?
Parsing CSV that has multiple line values with carriage returns
Pick off 'first' dates using cal function in bash
How to get a bash script argument given its position from the end?
jq parsing json out of json values
An echo operation includes some piece of text it should not include
How can I install jack2 on nixos?
Is it possible to check for DNS-leaks on unix server?
How to ingore rpmfusion source repos when downloading source package
Upgrade from FreeBSD 10.1 to 10.2 fails because of incorrect hash
Get the date of last month's last day in a shell script
USB flash drive does not appear in Samsung NP900X4D UEFI "Boot Menu"
Is fstab syntax the same as mount?
How could I use sed to convert a js file with storedVars to a ruby file with methods?
How to check for specific strings in files of a large directory
Audio support for Realtek Chip
Is there a way to log key presses under linux?
poweroff nvidia gpu
Apache VirtualHost redirect 302 (cyclic link)
Is there a tutorial to set up a shared hosting server?
Does linux have file locking protection when trying to rename/deleting files
Does this bug indicate an error in my btrfs filesystem of simply a bug in the 4.2.0-RC5 kernel?
Linux Mint 17.2 Nemo context menu has no Dropbox entry
Generic PCL 5 printer prints garbage on first page
Remove Windows Boot manager?
How do I stop recurring error messages from appearing in messages and auditd.log?
Writing to exfat doesn't persist between mounts?
Connect to mpd over Openvpn (without changing internet routing)
How do I read Maildir RFC822 messages from the CentOS 7 terminal?
Create list of folders with a matching (but not identical) ending
Setting DPI and monitors permanently
What causes ntpq refid CRYP when authentication is successful?
How to specify ConnectTimeout for dropbear?
Slingscold launcher finds nothing
How to handle spaces in path names when variable contains multiple paths
System Boot Order not found (Secure boot is not enabled)
Combine svlogd logs from different runit services
Can you set OpenVPN to auto-connect to 'fallback' .ovpns in case the current one fails?
Substitute all occurrences of pattern with first matched group
setting or changing the default ip address
how to run awk twice across the same file
How can measure how long it takes my script to run AND include that in an email it generates?
reduce bandwidth consumption from downloading yum updates
How do I create a local repository for NixOS/nixpkgs?
Is there a difference between gunzip -c and gunzip in terms of system utilization?
Awesomenauts won't run on Manjaro
Fedora 25 first DNS lookup times out
How to Deny Root, Allow Specific Users on internal subnet, and Allow Groups from external, On SSH/SFTP
Why does linux audit daemon restart periodically with the following log?
Mount window network drive to linux in different domain
Cannot find the core dump from an abort due to seg fault on Linux from a docker image
How do we only Allow Users/Groups from specific Domains(ours or theirs) to access ssh/sftp?
"Transport endpoint is not connected" after a few operations?
echo $ along with variable
Copy all files recursively without replacing
How to exclude symbolic link in rsync/rsnapshot
Getting egrep -o output in one line
How to prevent the keyboard from being interpreted by the current application?
bash add property using variable with jq
Increment the last part of a variable name
Extract formulae from PDF
sudo command does not work when strace is attached with PID of bash
While loop not checking the condition in shell
Remove chunk of lines according to serial numbers
best method to call repetitive code with sql code
How to convert text content in a buffer to location list in vim?
Keep metadata or edit metadata with tar
Disabling mtu_bypass on AIX in file
fprintd can't login with fingerprint Arch Linux
FreeBSD: RAID driver issue
Need newly created files to inherit ownership
Remove all files whose names match a particular pattern
How can I filter out files with 1GB or more with Date Range .
Qemu fails to start
JBOSS high CPU utilization
bash string concatenation failed
Using shared libraries to run bitcoin-qt / litecoin-qt
Synaptic Package Manager doesn't open in Awesome WM
please explain below command
delete duplicate entries in a particular comma sep fields per line
Connect DMZ database using SSH tunnel
Different results when using script or pasting code
Unable to do RSH connection
Cannot connect to VM from Mac using FileZilla
GRUB menu does not show up after installing linux mint 18 alongside Windows 10 during boot
How to prevent wpa_supplicant from connecting to a network, while allowing other networks
Multiple column matching and adjusting with awk
why do queries with status "refused" get answers?
Single line command to cat last file in ls -lrt output?
Fluxbox dual screen configuration
restart systemd after it crash
Debian: Updating package with PPA fails with error "gpg: no valid OpenPGP data found"
replace a string with sed from specific lines
Mass IP Blocking affecting server performance?
ezjail: update problems
Compare Audio Files
Why does .pam_environment not include $HOME in my new path?
Does "ip_forward" need to be enabled for any iptables SNAT/DNAT (postrouting/prerouting) rules?
Why can't my servers talk to each other over direct ethernet connection?
Likewise-open for Ubuntu 14.04 Not available?
How to erase unicode symbols in terminal?
Automatic unlock LVM partitions with a Key LUKS dm-crypt
bash command to print gcc environment variables
Using getline with NR in awk
How to decompress files from an archive ignoring the file names?
Screenshot non-rectangular extended desktop
How do I execute command to avoid interference from the shell
Forward Postfix mail based on regexp
Current umask of a process with <pid>
i3 run dmenu in different modes for each workspace
How to ignore empty directories when using `rm` with wildcards for multiple directories in zsh?
Git pull merge issue with remote origin
Counting objects from AWS and warning if too many
Search file for string with variable content
Can't boot into Kali linux, system hang
Debian not reachable via its hostname in LAN
Backporting OpenSSL-1.0.1e to Debian Lenny (armv4l)
sudo: unable to initialize PAM: No such file or directory
notify-send command with -u critical and -t option
Launch an application with window decorator hints, x/y coordinates, size, etc
Should a serious student of *nix choose a distribution that is POSIX-compliant to learn standard features well?
Bash variable into html
How to compile a selection of Markdown documents
XMonad MouseResizableTile automatic pane rebalancing
Understanding getlogin spoofing
install mysql 5.5(remi) with centos 6.2 complains error
Inserting the results of a for loop into an html file - BASH
Set dual screen on Fedora
How to make a directory public and private in a single bucket
Can't boot FreeBSD after installation
Phusion Passenger not working with Apache while installing redmine
USB 500GB external drive mounted with undetermined permissions, missing data
I'm failing to set up a wireless Access Point (AP)
ssh-agent forwarding for a Vagrant VM
broken pipe error with popen and JS ffi
How to make sure, that certain functionality (like Alt+Ctrl+F1 switching into tty) is available in havily swapping system?
Do mplayer's audio filters contain the opposite of "Karaoke" Mode?
CUPS: Can't set option for halftoning algorithm after upgrade from Debian squeeze to wheezy
Is there bdiff (1) in Linux?
Is it a good practice to use svn for two different applications but on the same server?
Bash console progress dialog with command output
How do I prevent Skype notifications during a call
Linux /etc/security/limits.conf equivalent file in Android
Use grub rescue to boot from Windows XP partition, CD or USB
mysql console, keeps outputting garbled text if 'b' key is pressed
How to append multiple lines to a file
How do I find out the pixel depth of my graphic card?
Disconnect a disk correctly
Sort files by modification time
Command added to visudo still is failing on permissions?
sensors reports negative CPU temperature for Ryzen
Configuring Linux Mint as a Gateway
Conditional emoji on terminal success and failure
Notepadqq doesn't ask to retry as root, gksu doesn't work
Command to install works in ubuntu 18.04 but not 14.04
How do I find how long ago a Linux system was installed?
Configuring mouse for right+left button simulating middle click (for copy/paste)
NetBSD Serial Port Gateway
How to delete line if longer than XY?
Maemo: how to get system information/specifications?
How can i "wget" the content of this site
Configure wget to not clobber good data with empty data
Resources for portable shell programming
How to guarantee the integrity of an OS?
Debian lenny 5 install php-dev
What does \? mean in a regular expression?
exclude particular file from bash_completion
How to estimate loops/time for completion of GNU ddrescue (1.18.1) using current status?
Deleted /tmp accidently
What are some suggestions for using hdiutil (or other tools) for recovery of files from dmg image?
Changing system volume also changes Spotify volume (Arch Linux)
Kexec immediately after Kickstart install (where is cmdline?)
Text processing using unix tools
How simulate a Windows like admin password prompt in Linux?
efficient rc file syncing or replication
How to make a btrfs snapshot writable?
How is PATH set for users in puppet?
How to copy two files in expect script?
Valid screen session names
Make that only members of a group can access a specific disk
Getting the combined count of all occurrences of a string under multiple directories?
All Domains Missing After Plesk Parallels Upgrade From 11 To 12
Getting a propmt when deleteing a non-directory
How to run systemd user service to trigger on sleep (aka. suspend, hibernate)?
How can I tease Sonicwall ?
How do I remove a driver when apt-get remove fails?
How to copy-merge two directories?
What is the difference between hostname, hostname --fqdn, and hostname -A
Failure loading kernel module
How do I prevent less from clearing the screen on exit?
Permission denied when trying to run script as other user
startx cannot open /dev/fb0: Permission denied
xfce4-power-manager not updating; ACPI finding an unknown battery but working fine?
Tuning keyboard (dead key) functionality in X
NVidia drivers on Macbook Pro (2008) Linux Mint?
A command that generates both standard error and output
Getting user input from script used as stdin for SSH session
Bot leaving lots of `auth: Info: passwd-file` Dovecot logs without login attempts - what is Dovecot doing?
crontab - mount -a if at least one filesystem is not mounted
How can I create a compressed archive consisting of the largest files from multiple directories?
Openssh home dir mods
SSH-Config - Is there a way to determine if local or remote?
E: Unable to locate package vim on Debian jessie simplified Docker container
How to store output of awk to array with empty string on null values?
grep -rc does not work; count number of matches in a directory
Using 'awk' to print a placeholder in several blocks of data
Grub won't boot from GPT RAID (gave up waiting for root device)
How do I get a counter variable to be unique for each line of a file
How can I run two commands in parallel and terminate them if ONE of them terminates with exit code 0?
Creating .spam folders in each mail user's account
Appending to string in bash
Yum dependencies
How do you use procmail mda to deliver files to be read by mh?
How to suppress VLC output when calling it from shell
supervisord - multiple environment variables
USB encryption login Ubuntu Elementary OS Freya
Syntax error: "(" unexpected when execute a compiled c program
Can't install Gpart in Kali Linux 2.0
systemD Loaded vs. Enabled unit state
How can I spot domain and https connection attempts to sshd?
pactl refuses to take negative percent values?
How to end pipe from consumer side and put producer in background
Run script when virtual interface is up
Weird behavior of su command
Filter a file list against an integer array?
Is this the proper way to use _netdev in FSTAB?
Repair possible file system corruption in virtual Linux guest OS (Virtualbox)
Why can't I resize my panes in tmux with the current bindings that I have?
Can I concatenate a bash alias?
Is there any command that mimics the double tab list in bash?
Setting anacron on mac
How to properly use $_ inside a tcsh script sourced from another tcsh script?
VLC won't install due to unmet dependencies
Correct way to set PERMANENT environment variables from script
Why doesn't 'sudo' skip hostname-checking when the command can be run on 'ALL' hosts?
concat pdf pages after pdfcrop
Which components of Linux IO subsystem are device-independent and device-dependent?
Merging text file directories
Why do here-documents attempt shell substitution even on a commented line?
alternative approach for selective deletes from rsnapshot tree with find?
Building an LFS system using ELLCC
DASH scripting errors: I don't think I know how to set up variables correctly
What's that tool for capturing manual changes to a Linux system?
Suspend process without killing it
How can I have a filesystem mounted during user login?
zsh jump to the end of copy from X clipboard
Ubuntu 14.04 Brightness level problem
Perform multiple commands on one line
Ubuntu + nginx , get information about virtual machine
script for substition incremental
How do I have sed only perform actions on the first match?
find's - cnewer broken on NTFS-3g?
Java Client Connection Refused by Linux Server
Optimise a shell script / command to delete files
Script to `grep` a file with variable
grep (/sed/awk) month range
What is the meaning of "${name##*/}" in Shell
Debian - ifconfig not showing wlan0
Is there a launcher that features tab-completion?
How can I complete a -N numeric parameter?
Device files and drivers of a disk, partition, and filesystem?
Can .bash_profile be auto sourced after change?
Xorg: Connect remote display
Limit transfer speed rate by Iptables Rules
Why creating partitions in linux is a good solution for easy recovery?
Using sed to remove digit separation commas enclosed in quotes and quotes itself from CSV?
Run daemon on startup in Debian once openvpn connection established
Removing jre7 installs jre6
Not understanding the meaning of Genmask in linux routing table
Why did sshd delete my /dev/zero?
How sort command column option is handled
init.d - what does the reconfigure command do?
GCC warning when compiling Orange
Problem dual booting windows 8 and ubuntu 14.04
How to influence which compiler is chosen by build systems like CMake
When will awk treat newline character as `;` and when not?
Can't import wx even after installing python-wxgtk2.8
How to pass an array to a function as an actual parameter rather than a global variable
Find and Update cron entry, via script
Recovering a file on ext3
Why does nobody use the positional args made available to Bash completion functions?
Why fstrim appears not to trim data blocks on btrfs (+ecrypts)?
shell test whether multiple lines string contains specified pattern in last line
$HOME/.cache - on a small SSD or on an HDD?
How to activate rpcbind service in CentOS installed on virtual box?
What does this `-n` mean? [BASH]
How to get RAM map?
Censor text with regex
How to setup different permissions on parent/subfolder using FreeBSD/NFS sharing?
How to allow direct root access via SSH on certain IP range?
Cygwin using wildcard to trim all images
If I delete groups, are users in those groups deleted?
How to detect whether a window is in focus?
How to solve this kernel bug on OS start?
Using a file other than /etc/resolv.conf to specify a DNS server
Combining the if-else-if condition to a logical expression
Batch rename according to number of pages in pdf file
How to install Pandoc on ArchLinux
Compare folder to folder structure
Can file handles be translated to filenames?
Cannot have multiple monitor modes in new Kali 2.0
Cannot connect to internet after using airmon-ng check kill
Does Basic "hello world" run as CGI.?
"du -shm ." and "quota -s" information are not matching for particular user?
Sendmail Attachment
wc showing differences
Minimal Linux for virtual network lab
Ping not working in IBSS (ad-hoc) network on Raspberry Pi
Docker stop says container doesn't exist but docker start does
How to concatenate a date variable and string variable in unix?
What can cause a non-zero session length time in /var/log/btmp?
what is the proper way to mount a LVM image that is mirrored?
path_helper is not loading paths from etc directory
Keep a static IP after restarting on Ubuntu Server?
how to pass argument as string outside which should execute particular function
How do I add numbers from two txt files and write it to the same file?
boot failed after restoring system with timeshift
How to start programing simple screenlet/desklet with minimal dependencies?
Executing stdout results line by line that has a prompt confirmation
Copy data from inside KVM virtual machine to host file system
setting terminal type in ssh session
Cannot SSH on https (443) from external network
Are these different telnet commands?
How to change the SSH Port for ubuntu 1404?
SSH with priv key and google authenticator and SFTP
history command does not show all lines in HISTFILE
Error when I'm trying to create a lxc
Determining source of ulimit change
/etc/shadow permissions security best practice (000 vs. 600 vs. 640)