Can't login through gdm - Loop in login on particular user
use wildcard after a variable bash script
GNOME Tweaks keeps resetting theme
How downgrade Kernel with MAAS on Centos?
i3 - setxkbmap clashes with bindsym in config
How to export kernel functions which written in assembly?
Stonith resource not working
BASH - case option where i can input username
Redirect content to file and print content at same time?
Start multiple Firefox tabs (with 5 seconds interval) Minimized From Bash script
How does ALSA handle errors in isochronous USB data
Compare two lines using second columns
multitail over ssh AND sudo
rsync --delete fully understanding the correctly syntax to preserve the source directories and sync files with the destination directory
How is it possible to call CwRsync.exe via a Bash Script with variables and arguments?
http server with ssl does not work with nc
cygwin xhost not working anymore
Understanding the command "apt install curl nano unzip -y"
Can't type some russian characters via VNC
How to find disk usage more than 70% and display largest file in them
Scale the display only when external monitor is connected
Is the Info Hash of torrent file only generared by the file?
Count number of rows with certain columns equal to specific value
is there mkfs.jffs2 --pad equivalent in mkfs.ubifs?
Converting bash to ksh
lsyncd - How to include specific directories and exclude rest of all directories
ZFS pool performance, zio_write_issue
How to remove new line added by readarray when using a delimiter?
Report memory usage (systemd)
PAM error after uninstalling pam_shield.so
Unix command to get 0 count , when no files present for the day along with count
How to Preserve last most directory structure when copying files using find
Filesystem show up in `/etc/fstab`, but not using `df -a`?
Synapse launcher doesn't open files from a second partition
cronjob [ -x /usr/lib/php5/sessionclean ] returns command not found
Tmux crashing tty_clamp_area
how to print column names as well while reading the values for that variable
Disconnected displays after recent update
convert string with hidden characters to normal string
How to run script via cron and get same results as terminal? (Centos 7.2)
lsusb shows USB WIFI NIC connected but no power to WIFI NIC
What does (($count+1)) do in this script?
glibc-2.14 compatibility
Disabling a key in Ubuntu 18.04.2 which doesn't show in keyboard panel
Seeing dead process in nethogs?
Create a directory if it doesn't exist when symlinking a file into that directory
Pmem and huge pages
Specifying the range of the arguments to print in every record line
How to remove the grey border in network manager applet
RHEL 6.8 and nm-applet. How to install and configure OR how to to use nmcli and setup wifi connection
Grub unresponsive with high resolution
Yocto "Failed to run qemu: Could not initialize SDL(x11 not > available)"
How to run puppeteer in Docker on VPS and connect to display server to local machine?
ICMP "TTL expired in transit" and "Fragmentation required" messages when forwarding is disabled
Avoid pipeline stalls from write caching to usb drive
Packaging CMake components for Debian
Without root, how to make programs use a specific PHP version instead of the default?
split a line into many part base on curly brace ?
Escape text before piping to sed
debian: step `installing the system` fails on eeepc 1002HA
Counting User Agent visits from the access log for just the last 30 days
Mounting an EXT4 partition that is marked as RAID 0xFD
Map string from var1 to var2 (lookup)
How to disable middle mouse button paste in KDE?
What differences and relations are between the various `libc.so`?
bash: Reading a full record from a fifo
Why does LXQT Autostart not do anything?
Give user alle permissions of another user
Avoid extra file when creating tar.gz
Variable cpu cores field under redhat enterprise 7.5 kernel 3.10.0-862.el7?
CentOS 7: GNOME-Shell in multi-user.target / runlevel 3
Is there a Linux utility to halt all user processes, including a VM?
append mode in Centos and Ubuntu
Tail a file for specific text
Execute script in new tab command line gnome-terminal
how can I profile prompt rendering time in zsh?
Cannot exec /bin/false: no such file or directory
Chown for every created file in folder
UDEV Rules Interfere
CentOS: Prioritize UDP traffic based on UDP port number?
How to get trailing data of gzip archive?
How do I download a file from a host i'm already connected to over ssh
Is there a way to make faster QEMU snapshots without using libvirt?
Install a program downloaded as .tar file
How do I download udeb packages?
Cinnamon crashes if I disable hardware acceleration
Can you manipulate the supplementary group IDs of a program when you launch it?
How to mount using ceph-fuse and specify IP in /etc/fstab?
Is there a user interface in Emacs allowing one to "grab" the buffer's filename conveniently?
Is there a convenient general way to "grab" the echoed result of a command in Emacs (of M-: or M-!)?
Numbering convention for the linux kernel?
NetBSD 5.1 NDIS Kernel Compile Error
How to replace quotation marks in a file with sed?
Negatives/downsides of Ubuntu's no-root sudo setup
Are all system call error numbers unique?
Hibernate and security considerations
How's a module approved to be included into the linux kernel?
In Gentoo, what is the difference between amd64, ~amd64 and ~amd64-linux?
Print all words on lines of a file in reverse order
How to know which user agent is hitting my server?
NetworkManager Default Connection Settings
Brother x86 scanner driver on Raspberry Pi with QEMU and SANE
How to join two csv with same number of rows
Does Linux Change a Process Niceness Automatically?
Matching an IP address within a specified range using awk
Path Variable and script's shebang will not run correct version of python
What are the differences of editing UTS_RELEASE and EXTRAVERSION?
Linux Mint - Right click URL in bash, select "open link". And I get this error
Use sed to add a space before every line starting with a period, compatible with terminal colors
joe (editor) global vs. local options on the command line?
Use output from awk as input for mv
How to mount a shared directory on a Samba server on Kubuntu 16.04
Error while executing rsync
Command line arguments order
awk to process very large file
move only uniq files from one directory to other
How to install sflphone on mint 18.1 64-bit?
disk or partition log history
Ask for hostname in a shell script?
Ubuntu php upgrading issue
Calling a file with variable file name in bash script
need information on creating swap memory on unix
Gnome defaults to wayland; how can I go to back to X11?
Elegant solution to echo to either stdout or file in bash
Grub multi OS boot for a tablet (with only two "keys")
Alternative to cp command since cp throws warnings and returns with error code while used with NFS
Rename Directory And Replace Only Updated Files Unix/Linux Command Line
Can't SSH into Debian instance after assigning static IP
System shutdown directly from Xmonad - SLiM display manager
Script on script (any other script language if you all have an idea)
Need to install Java to use android studio?
Count number of lines in each file within current directory using a for loop?
RHEL6: which package handle systemctl?
How to find gnome-terminal currently used profile with cmd line?
A function to automatically move to a directory that changes daily
How to pass each line of a text file as an argument to a command?
How do command-line tools have their own autocomplete list?
Why is SIGINT not propagated to child process when sent to its parent process?
nVidia fail after update
4G (LTE) Mobile Broadband, Slow upload speed
Defining color codes in rxvt-unicode
Can't install Linux Mint on Macbook Pro (2008)?
sshd service is not being started: CentOS 6.5
How can I delete text before a delimiter in Linux
How much speed difference for a tweaked bios versus uefi boot?
Docker error creating bridge
Linux Wifi High Power Consumption
linux bash prevention flocking for background process
Malloc and Paging
Insert new line after non matching pattern
How do I call an executable as if it were called from another folder?
Bluetooth Firmware rtl8821a_fw.bin Fails to Load in Debian
Will there ever be processes that are shown by ps -ef and not ps -e?
How to reinstall system python 2.7 on Linux Mint 18.3 WITHOUT reinstalling the OS?
Preconfigure static IP address with connmanctl on Beaglebone Black
finding the starting and ending positions of a common identifier
VLC aren't open on my TV
ConnMan: How to set up OpenConnect VPN with CSD-Wrapper correctly?
Installing Debian Source Packages in Ubuntu
Can I create additional keyboard shortcuts inside xkbconfig that switch to a particular language, instead of cycling?
What is the usage of NetworkManager in centOS/RHEL7?
udev rules for USB-serial devices with the same product ID, vendor ID, and serial number
Import variables from another file
'CTRL-ALT-T' not working in Lubuntu 18.04
Move all files into subdirectories named after beginning of file name
mdadm 2x Raid 5 missing drives
chown -R www-data:www-data sets ownership to root
How to modify output on a bash terminal for all outputs
Creating a specific chrome window and use it as drop-down search window
Running a series of scripts in MySQL
piping text file to telnet over ssh
"ls $PWD" and "ls ." get different files, strange caching perhaps?
Linux - Cannot connect using ssh key
Refresh repositories in solaris 10
add two numbers in bash script
how best to send the output of a find + exec command to a pipeline?
zsh completion: menu and unambiguous prefix with a single tab?
Mounted drive disappears and is no longer a valid LUKS device
How to cat file from output of other command?
PDF stamp with angle using cli
A script to take data from csv file and perform related operations in a database
How is findmnt able to list bind mounts?
Are there technical limitations preventing root=UUID=<filesystem-uuid> support?
How do I pipe the output of a curl command to an environment variable and use it in another curl command?
Trying to understanding startup procedure of monit
How do I comment lines in fstab using sed?
How to display all data using tcpdump?
Bonding on centos
How can I make my .muttrc portable to older machines despite "unknown variable"
Share an ext4 filesystem between two RHEL servers, but only one will mount at a time
Is it possible to get a star symbol in Linux?
Is there a definite way to relate a driver's source code in Linux kernel to the device itself?
HISTFILE env var unset within programs. Can I access it in any way?
How to locate a path?
Is it possible to find files created between two specific times while ignoring the dates?
copy a file to a destination with different names
ksysguard in recent KDE task bar
Insert a character at a specific location in ksh
why ping lost when interface add to ovs bridge
Fedora: Touchscreen works in live mode, but not after install
Installing RHEL to multiple-boot with Windows and two other Linux distributions
Check for process and kill if running
How to set specific chown and chmod permissions against a SMB/CIFS mount
Can SSH public key authentication use pam_group?
IPv6 ULA address source selection
How to show processes that use more than 30% CPU?
deleting lines between rows in a text file using awk or sed
Can't connect to Centos 6.9 after update to OpenSSH 7.6 on this server
Terminal cannot recognize 'service' command to check the status of tor. How an it be resolved?
How to launch a special WhatsApp Web window in Firefox?
Is Linux the only operating system in the Unix-like/Unix category of operating systems that uses the "fsuid" and the "fsgid"?
Two dots (..) or two dashes (--) as a delimiter in the names of files and directories
Error: GPG check FAILED when upgrading system using dnf in Fedora
How to reserve a frequently used mount point?
Install bumblebee on debian 9
Launch a program to only specific resources
Can you manage the entire fstab file with a GUI?
How to replace a string when another string is found in a line?
modprobe gives: “FATAL: <module> not found in directory” error
Identify current default time zone set in FreeBSD
Capture exit code of exit command
Creating persistent netcat link
bash: echo: write error: Interrupted system call
Overlayfs inside archivemount
Creating a directory in Samba share from OSX client always has ACL "mask:r-x"
How do I install a live ISO on an SD card so it boots anywhere?
How to subscribe to public YUM repository in Oracle Linux
while read loop seems to terminate after the first line, when using two pipes?
Search recursive for files that contains a specific combination of strings on the first line
What is the difference between iptables -S and iptables -L
how does a non existing sid/pgid process possible?
Mounts of systemd service script disappear
Restrict local port access to a specific user
Overlayfs over archivemount
Can't enable proprietary nVidia driver on debian 8 with bumblebee
/usr/bin/dpkg returned an error code (1)
Echo a string with a variable in it without expanding/evaluating it
Why does SSH server say, "authorized_keys is not a regular file"?
Mount a large squashfs in a way that allows random writes (to a separate filesystem)?
Patch a shell script prior to running
Convert rows to columns
Issues with Gnome window management in two display screens
How to disable Wifi Power Save on Kali Linux
Are there any reverse package indexes?
When is a port considered being used?
MX Record Question
Simple if/else statement not working
rsync can't update a folder that has no x permissions
How to get the difference between numbers using dc?
Redirect console to a serial port
ping statistics
How to add double quotes to every line and then add a comma at the end of the line?
Process text file - Extract data starting with number
sed delete lines httpd.conf
Setting up a VPN in Kali Linux 2.0
Grab the last executed command from history as a string and store in variable in bash
Trisquel 7.0 LTS Belenos 64 vs Ubuntu 15.04 64 or Mac OS X 10.10.5 : isl/gcc problem (libisl.so.13 incriminated)
Adding www to URL : not working
ssh forward multiple ports
Using wildcard domains in sendmail
apt-get upgrade with /usr/bin on aufs fails to create backup link
why does my Ubuntu Virtual Machine slow down after a number of searches, and builds?
Add new HDD to Azure VM and set RAID 0
find command behaviour inside for loop
Can resource over-utilization actually cause users to be unable to SSH to Linux?
Splitting file for every 10000 numbers ( not lines )
How to download files and folders from Onedrive using wget?
Continuum Anaconda Fedora 22 Linux path
Gnome 3: how to enable desktop actions in dock entries?
Write shrunken .img file to device file
Ubuntu 14.04 server: Change em1 to eth0 - no /etc/udev/rules.d/70-persistent-net.rules file
How to execute python script on Visual studio / Other Editor with Linux environment
Why is the Linux kernel 15+ million lines of code?
Unix : how to tar only N first files of each folder?
Extra output on input redirection
using ssh and running a script in background
Fedora installation problems
How do I get John the Ripper running on a recent version of debian or ubuntu?
Is this a valid setup for tracking file ownership using Samba share and managing rights?
When merging directories with similarly-named files, how do you ensure that only smaller+earlier files are replaced?
crontab sets up user variable, redirect output, and detect connetcted network
Where do the files go if you mount a drive to a folder that already contains files?
How to check/test internal card reader speed
How do I mass-convert the "last modified" dates in a particular directory?
Which system configuration setting(s) on HP Compaq dc5750 need to be changed if "running Unix"?
Upload & Download speed in Tmux status line
Where to submit new mimetypes?
Mail Server Spoofing Prevention
Mysql query resultset in bash script
What is PATH on a Mac OS?
colorize bash_completion
zsh completion installations (autojump) - How to use them?
Rmmod module reappeared after plugging back device
How can I constantly see the current filename in vim?
What is the different bash per terminal session for Konsole?
setting up script in a linux machine for scientific computation
Pipe all input and output of terminal to file
Copy a file into another directory's inside
Is there a way to turn on the function key indicator based on capslock status on Lenovo ThinkPad Yoga?
How to split files with common prefix in bash
Monitor CPU Registers
Is there a way to dump a CPU's CPUID information?
Allow non-root user to read/write /dev files
Man page with preserved text decorations, proportional text and fixed-width code
How to access Win7 on a dual boot machine?
Why would we su without -?
How to redirect sqlite3 output to a file
What does the "rc" stand for in /etc/rc.d?
indirect variable expansion in POSIX as done in bash?
Is a restart of cron or crond necessary after each new schedule addition or modification?
Smarter log rotation
At what frequency is /var/log/wtmp updated?
How to display the current keyboard layout?
How does Linux "kill" a process?
RHEL6: Failed Dependencies when installing a package
Samba - releasing file lock
MBR to GPT Conversion of existing RHEL 6 system
Oh no! Something has gone wrong. A problem has ocurred and the system can't recover. Please contact a system administrator
How secure is keeping non-root owned scripts in /etc/init.d?
ls -l --group-directories-first (act on symlinks as well)
ssh key doesn't work for one server but works for another
different checksum of original file and copied file
possibility of running daemons with under privileged users during bootup
How to set up wireshark with correct permissions
How does linux arbitrate access to devices
gnome-control-center not running
Mismatch in USB devices listed by lsusb and sys filesystem
Restricting a user to a certain directory on SSH login
after a p2v conversion I have kernel panic in my redhat 5
How to split a bash loop on several nodes with Slurm?
GNU datamash transpose example doesn't seem to work correctly
zsh _arguments completion that gradually reveals options
How to execute .sh with certain file which has .xyz extension
Hard Disk with 8 bad blocks
Gnome-keyring: "Automatically unlock this key whenever I'm logged in"
Do not allow detach for one bash
Move/copy millions of images from Macos to external drive to ubuntu server
libpam-shield config allow certain IP addresses
find the depth of nested parenthesis each line in a text file?
VirtualBox 6.0.8 menu text small in Ubuntu 16.04; All other programs good. Guest boxes good
Grep: Find 3 consecutive char and then follow another char or end of the line
Why does FOO=bar; export the variable into my environment
Parsing arguments with nested case statements
PNG Image not displaying for desktop icon on Fedora 16/17 with Gnome
Convert image of a partition into image of a disk with partition table
Run an application under Tomcat
How to clean up the RAM memory that is being used as cache memory?
Can the Fedora installer partition the disk itself?
Sudden burst in free memory
Using sort with alphanumeric filenames
SSH connection timeout
pacman-key --init takes too long and does not exit
How to remove error messages when searching recursively for a string?
Cannot boot Linux Mint after installing Windows (First) and Linux Mint (Second)
Permissions to deny SSH users from accessing other user's folders
Send email from a shell script
Patch without changing owner and group
chown all files based on file name pattern in current directory
Change string occurrences in file while respecting DOS new line sequences
Linux Mint: how to update repository references
How to change the default program for a chosen file type system-wide in kde or xfce?
Stuck on Fedora splash screen after OpenBox3/tint2 install
How to configure a shortcut to open a window accessed by right click on the systray icon?
How do you connect to the internet in backtrack 5 R2
Tools for Monitoring Steal Time (st)
Why does `cat`ing a file into itself erase it?
Redirect terminal output to image file
How can I cd to the previous/next sibling directory?
How to bypass youtube's local cache?
tmux xclip copy no longer working
How long is the password for executing a command with sudo cached?
are daemon tmpfs executables copied unencrypted to memory upon execution? (prevent if so?)
RAM size and SWAP size
NTP symmetric mode
How to measure on Linux the peak memory of an application after has ended
How to stop CACHE instance from Shell Script
Is there a CLI utility to compute the same CRC as used in ZIP files?
How Not To Bash Auto Complete File Name From the Beginning Letter?
Crontab error with php sendDiaryMail
A signal that can't be overridden?
Should I never use stdbuf's fully buffered mode?
Does gparted make good use of badblocks lists?
Does not start session with KDE Plasma after updating
How can I correctly display Chinese characters on Debian 5?
Finding a tmux window where a pts belong
How do I get a 30 minute break while working or doing anything on computers?
How to view the current keyboard layout on arch linux
Bash giving me : Too many arguments error
Searching files in $PATH
How to fix key mapping for control key
How to install Nitrux OS using znx?
Is the www-data user pre-configured in Linux and Unix systems?
replace a string from a specified line number and column
systemd call bash script to create a symlink before daemon process
Persistence of home directory after deleting all partitions and reinstalling:
Filtering processes with top in FreeBSD
Batch convert (decode) audio into multiple formats with ffmpeg
Print SHA sums without "-" at the end?
How to fully upgrade Debian from command line (including release_version)?
How do I detect a grsecurity kernel?
Why is my readline / .inputrc configuration being ignored?
Convert sound encoded in RTTY 45.45 baud using minimodem
Bash command “reset” — dash (sh) equivalent?
Do bug corrections spread automatically to all Linux distros and updates?
How do I fix Wifi in Debian 9?
Where is page table stored in Linux?
Clean way to run proper file manager from Firefox on Linux
What is pool in htop?
Unix script terminates after reading first line in file
Hang after bootloader, looking for device
How to make controls looks bigger in gnome 3 for a better look and feel on HDPI screens?
File defining the service assigned to each port
Print n lines before match1 AND the lines after match1 until match2
Reverse the order of pairs of lines of a text file
why df get result inconsistent with lsblk?
How to find all files except with PNG, JPG extension?
Where can I see a list of kernel killed processes?
Open Source firmware for e-ink book reader
How to start a new Linux distro?
How to run commands in batch mode over ssh?
OpenBSD patch system
Debian 6.0 and Xen PyGrub failure
How do you change the root password on Debian?
What params do I pass to grep to return only file names?
Best way to archive attachments?
Differences in package management between Debian and Arch
Orphaned connections in CLOSE_WAIT state
YaST2: Command-line equivalents to GUI naviagtion
There are no items in GNOME main menu after openSuse 11.4 upgrade
Configure Python to include another directory when looking for packages
Install Ubuntu over Suse without affecting Windows
Open a window on a remote X display (why "Cannot open display")?
Why did my package get installed to /opt?
httpd running as apache.apache, but logs owned by root.root?
Linux run every program on cluster
"Ghost" files in ext4? (ktorrent allocated disk space)
How do I list installed packages with source URI, distribution and section in Debian?
Why do some utilities parse operands before options?
Why is my network interface running at a low speed?
Dynamically reference a file's name
Install NVIDIA GTX graphics driver on Linux Mint 17.1
Reading a string till a key word and replacing from there with another string
How can I pass on parameters 4..99 to another function
Is there anything equivalent to getch() in ksh?
Booting Gentoo on LVM inside LUKS with gpg encrypted keyfile
USB 3G/4G modem problem
Running 2 OpenVPN on the same box
How do I transfer images from a Fedora 20 computer to an iPhone?
Unable to boot into Mint with message "s" to skip mounting
How to search .local?
Make LAN Web Application accessible through a outside Server
Parent restarted by child doesn't respond to CTRL-C
Exit /dev/tty after error message
Extremely stable Linux or FreeBSD system for offline workstation
Cannot get smartctl working
What do unlimit and limit do in the context of csh?
Why do I need to mount a USB flash drive if it's already in my Raspibian
Change the listening address to IPv4 from IPv6
The most used language for Debian
Why are my crontab user files immutable and doesn't get executed even after changing attribute to mutable?
How to check if sound card is in HDA or I2S mode?
Interpreting the output from systemd-resolve --status
Does systemd make dig/nslookup useless?
Alpine Linux unable to install hping; ERROR: unsatisfiable constraints
Job for vsftpd.service failed because the control process exited with error code
Show text as asterisks
How can i match a file and get its path and date in cygwin
Macbook backlight not working on Arch
How to cut part of a "curl" answer
Consequences of expired password?
Invalid time on FreeBSD
"Conflicting distribution: InRelease (expected release but got release+1)" what it is?
EFI system partition on top of MD RAID and LVM
On-the-fly stream compression that doesn't spill over into hardware resources?
How to Duplicate desktop in Linux with Xrandr?
Unprintable characters as input in command line
Limit in saving program output to file in Linux
Difference between nointegrity, noatime & relatime
How to get a full screenshot of a page that goes off screen?
Tail Grep - Print surrounding lines until pattern is matched
Can the "\" character in the PTR record be allowed?
How to get a list of all installed programming languages on arch linux / any linux?
VMware route host-only VM through dual host-only/NAT VM
Find source code compatible with CentOS 7.3.1611
Two Fedora 23 Installation On The Same Computer
Create 'tree' output from list of files
Create alias for desktop directory
`tee` for commands
Ejabberd : Not able to connect web console
How do I cd into a hard drive with a GPT partition table using a raspberry pi running raspbian?
How do I make a terminal beep when user input is required?
How to install virtualbox guest additions in TrueOS?
Case sensitivity in square-bracket globbing
Unsure how to mount usb hard drive on raspberry pi
PXEBoot UEFI not downloading configuration files
How to distinguish between builtin and external util? (e.g. echo)
Can it be explained; the difference in array behavior between the use of array=$( command ) and array=( $( command ) )?
Disable beeping in lightdm
Missing service file for pure-ftpd
Install GCC 7 on Ubuntu?
Minimize reserved space on ext4 volume without large files
Find | parallel executing script with path from find + other arguments
Internet not reachable from the terminal in kali linux 2.0
How do I put a splash screen during shutdown?
How to set up VPN on debian 8.1
Can't install locales
Defining an alias and immediately use it
iptables - how to drop protocols
Relationship between limits.conf and LDAP?
Unable to mount RAID 0 drive
How can I set up a remote port forward on port 80 to my localhost with the help of setcap?
Is there a way to create cow-copies in ZFS?
How can I generate /proc/vmcore?
How to kill a process with a single command?
When adding a user to a new group when does the user group permissions become active when its a /nologin user?
Can you set a program to open "always on top" by default in XFCE4 (xfwm4)?
How can I spy on X client messages?
Resize vdi size doesn't work as supposed
what is the command to display .eps files?
In-place editing using sed on AIX
What is the equivalent of update-modules in CentOS 6.4?
enable ssh with autoyast
Byobu - send command to byobu tmux session from commandline (or bash/sh)
USB drive permissions when automounting
What is the Inverse of Idle in /proc/stat?
What problems should I expect when adding a CentOS yum repository to RHEL?
Deleting large number of files
How do i block USB devices based on device class in Linux
What is needed for USB a device to appear under Sound in Ubuntu control panel?
VirtualBox: Same IP address for both network interfaces on same machine (scientific linux)?
AIX NIM Master replicate / sync fails to an Alternate Master
RPM specfile for C/C++ project: how do I know how to fill in Requires and BuildRequires fields?
Root Cron Won't Run Script (permission denied)
Command history in Zsh
Install wicd on Slackware 14.1
How do I join the next line when a line matches a regex for whole document in VI?
How to do max-depth search in ack and grep?
Why do I need to comment out the floppy in /etc/fstab in new-ish Debian versions?
Unable to make .zhistory a symbolic link
How to setup permission for virtfs in system libvirtd
ck patch for Linux 3.13
How to automatically set permission at automount without mask
How to measure rlogin time?
What is the minimum size for the medium used to clone a damaged hard drive?
No history in zsh shell
Sum values average between patterns
find: Only allow one specific subdirectory
Loop through tab delineated file in bash script
changing xorg driver for netbook with cedarview integrated graphics
Is there a way to get German text to speech in festival?
How to check which Apache group I can use for the web server to write?
prepend digit to filenames which begin with digits (with zmv, please)
how to redirect output to multiple log files
Cygwin installation message
Sarg report error
How to start a perl webserver with systemd?
FreeBSD USB devices - given /dev/da* device is on which speed?
Exporting just a single file
What is a good tool to sync two computers
Vim mapping behaving strangely
Enabling shared Folders in SCO 5.0.7 on vmplayer
Adding a folder of jar files to my path
How to use Public IP in case of Two ISP which difers from each other Pfsense
Plan 9 from Bell Labs book
How to create a list of installed packages for easy/automatic reinstall after disk is formatted
Having tmux load by default when a zsh terminal is launched
To which audio format can I convert aac lost-free with ffmpeg?
How to run the terminal using keyboard shortcuts in Gnome 2?
How to Extract Album Cover Image from MP3 file?
Finding the library versions a library was linked against
Variable substitution with an exclamation mark in bash
How to save a copy of a protected PDF form in Evince?
apache and php Segmentation fault
How to edit file on remote machine with text editor?
Change (not remove) "fortunes" in Linux Mint console
Which programming language is best to begin with as a total beginner?
Copy all tags from one FLAC file to another?
debian wireless networking configuration
CPU and core usage stats
How to fix diacritics in PDF forms in Evince?
Print tab character in fish
No connections work after starting OpenVPN service?
PPPoE connection problem
Cannot SSH into WD my book
How to configure 'at' and 'sendmail' to mail output with Content-Type: text/html
apt-get remove removes unexpected packages
Voice-over-IP with a VPN
grub in centOS, I can't start my Server
How can I completely reinstall Perl on Debian without having functional Perl?
What is Alternative of initlog (present in RHEL5) but deprecated in RHEL6?
How to tell intel graphics to use my custom EDID file?
Script for automatic gateway switching
OPenWRT Load balance 2 DSL routers using a 3rd(4 LAN, 1 WAN port router)?
Understand the nslookup output.
how to append words of two files word by word
How to execute script located in the same directory as current script?
Limit a directory to have only 1 file?
How to use exit status in crontab
`uniq` is not realtime when piped
Why did xorg.conf break X?
Debian remove email from queue
terminal command | grep IP
Print proper log file from a terminal session
Should a service cancel and terminate incomplete work on SIGTERM?
Transferring a variable from one file to another
can't login in new user via ssh 'server refused our key'
Increase swap space in linux through terminal
How to establish an IP conncetion with ModemManager, but without NetworkManager?
bash rename files in directory using regex
Multiple ctrl + c freezes program
How to customize Ubuntu on laptop lid close behavior
bash: -q: command not found
Remove characters from file names recursively
Grub menuentry: auto find vmlinuz and initrd.img
ssh -X - disables menu options
How do I permanently add to $PATH for all users?
HDD idle settings using hdparm (APM, Suspend)
The output of time statistics for command execution
Semanage command not found in Fedora 27 droplet from Digital Ocean
RAM cleanup operation without rebooting
Emacs installation package error
how to check if two servers are replicated properly on ceph cluster
mount: wrong fs type (VFAT, Ubuntu VM on macOS, SD card)
sh4gcc cross-compiler installation for Centos 7
SendGrid SMTP integration with Snipe-IT asset management
Apache Common Document root , Different virtual Host, Different accessible files
How do root ca certificates get updated on linux?
Find the path from where the variable $CDPATH is located?
How to pass an argument containing double quote to a shell script function?
xrdp doesn't work when started as a service, but works when started manually
Variable won't get expanded when INSIDE mysql shell
When upgrading an rpm previously installed with prefixes, how to make sure the same prefixes are used?
ipvsadm output processing
Ubuntu 14.04 - Slow Boot
TC (Traffic control) and trickle: apply different bandwidth to (multiple requests) same IP or URL during upload and download
Cannot pull photos from iPhone5 to Fedora 26
Proxmox VE doesn't want to login using WUI interface
write error for rmem_max on Angstrom
Is there some location where certain bash or python scripts could be run from any directory?
Vim in tmux does not correctly determine background color
Sendmail is periodically sending emails
Alt+Fx change to console x instead of triggering special functions (Debian + Cinnamon)
List files not having another file with suffix
linux + file printed with the linux prompt
Bash script calls python script that wants interactively input ( not only arguments )
bash filter the file names by regex or similar in a while loop
Very slow download speeds with yum install
Arch Linux: Running VirtualBox (VM) without a window manager
Install 64 bit programs on a 32 bit OS with a 64 bit processor
Allowing outgoing emails that will be delivered to localhost only
Is whois command safe for privacy?
Debian live-build mounting /home
Only apply Match keyword to single Host in ssh config
lpr with reverse video
Accessing file from the Windows host in a VirtualBox virtual machine
Create bootable hfs+ partition for macbook
Why are block sizes limited by page size in Linux?
x11grab from another display server
Terminal is not opening in Linux after accidental permission overwrite
typeset -A is giving error in script
Bulk rename and resize with Imagemagick
How to disable time sync in a VMWare guest?
Shell script to produce duplicate output with increments
re-arrange values in one column without affecting other columns using awk or sed
Why VNC performance seems to have dropped over the years?
Handling dynamically changing column positions and splitting file
Bad substitution error in zsh shell
Centos installation
Samba permissions don't apply
Why are these values not appending correctly when appended to the pipeline?
Strange titles (and bookmarks) in chromium in xubuntu
Can ping Debian VM via IP but not via hostname
How can I PGP decrypt an entire mbox?
Should I update OpenSSL?
Split a file into multiple based on selected lines
How to count how many different word do i have in a file, in a column
When do I need to specify add_efi_memmap as kernel argument in UEFI/EFI boot?
Vim delay when using Ctrl+C, but only in SQL files
Why does the while cycle skips and only reads the first line?
rsync: continue or in random order
Move files to multiple folders
Apply "upgrade" certain packages with apt
How to align list to specific character?
Just recursively changed the ownership of "/" to my own user by accident. How screwed am I?
What is OpenBSD's pledge in short?
Corruption problems if I stop imagemagick convert
Bash: Check that process has started before continuing script
How to pass space separated parameter to shell script without quotation marks?
How to find how many paragraphs in a file?
How do I cancel a stale "pending" drive mount with error "An operation is already pending"
My desktop does not show up on my monitor on Debian 9
regex not working for fetching dates
Install GNOME on Gentoo
Docker: Sending log files as non-root user to /dev/stdout
/etc/hosts not blocking anything
IPTABLES CODE ISSUE
How to fix faulty drive labelling?
Need to access USB
Why does SIGTSTP exist when there is already SIGSTOP?
How does the Linux kernel retrieve ACPI tables from the system firmware?
Firefox 57 addon windows fail to paint content - only on Linux. Any user workarounds?
"Error: Can't open display: :0" - running GUI apps as another user
How do I run a fsck on an encrypted LVM partition?
ERROR: net-im/telepathy-mission-control-5.16.3-r1::dantrell-gnome failed (compile phase)
How to touch everything in a directory including hidden, like directory up `..`?
"doas" allow user to run command with other user and set environment variables
/lib/modules/4.14.0-kali1-amd64/build doesn't exist when I try to install rtl8814au driver
iptables not filtering bridged traffic
How exactly should I escape the awk $ variables in a shell script function?
Unable to boot into Zorin OS - ending in BusyBox
How to redirect outgoing HTTP traffic on one LAN client to another in the same network?
How can I run a script immediately after connecting via SSH?
Where is CONFIG_COMPAT_VDSO in make menuconfig?
OpenWrt ssh host identification with dyndns
Drawing a state machine from logs
How to cd to a Windows file share?
Pause at the end of `scp` transfer: from OSX or FreeBSD to Ubuntu
Script to email all matching files in a directory
SSI problem with http in centos
exit a script if an ls line did not find any match
Inconsistent redirection behavior ssh interactive vs commands
Difference between 'sar' and 'iostat' commands
Using bash's "source" command return error though it successfully read config file
How to enable passwordless auth to remote server as a different user?
Network interface information on AIX
Rename a file dynamically containing spaces
How to compile programs on Linux systems when I don't have sudo privileges to install the dev dependencies
Ubuntu 14.04 LTS - USB 3.0 Low Output or not working
Getting information from sysfs
How to format a 1GB USB stick to FAT32 with 512 bytes sector?
How to add a new line after the "test message1" using sed?
Problem extracting email attachment using munpack
Cifs mount a windows share that goes offline
How to reduce disk access?
unexpected output with grep
Is it possible to get network interface index not via /sys?
Methods to find out which (configuration) files are read by executable when started
Passing arguments from one command into the next
How to tar only files in a multiple of directories but not directory?
How to delete older files in a folder in unix?
Generate what a GRUB2 kernel line would look like
Enabling menu icons in Gnome3
fedora 20 gnome & ati card black screen after boot
monitor file permission changes
Stop su from asking for a password
Can the "du" program be made less aggressive?
Udev rule- change group
Gnome keyring stays unlocked permanently
How can I get the index of the xargs "parallel processor"?
Installing Linux: keep existing partitions (such as Microsoft reserved partition)?
AIX: it takes 2 execution to see the true result
How to get the locale variables of any process?
How to make my Makefile compatible with Cygwin? (install: invalid user ‘root’)
Mysql yum install how to get right dependencies Centos 6.9
Extract rows using a delimiter and append as column in a file
ImageMagick installation fail on Linux Mint
KEYEXPIRED on Opensuse repository
My script produces the same output when using $RANDOM
iptables-save behaviour in network namespace in linux
KDE Plasma - disable right click "as select" in context menus
Cannot send email with postfix MTA via mac Terminal
How does xkb compilation work?
Bash script stops using variable with no reason
service restart commands from crontab
High IO load by [md0_raid1]
Recursively copying directories with a given name
Gnome terminal Edit preference run command clear terminal never opens
Grub stuck loading kernel
How to restart a process automatically when it killed in linux/CentOS
SSH to server and execute and print commands
When unzipping files destination directory created with ^M
linux + visudo + how to remove sub folder and sub files
FFMPEG glue MPEG TS
How exactly does "/bin/[" work?
How to format a 4TB USB external drive to use on LINUX (Ubuntu) and Mac OSX?
How can a script tell if Platform LSF is available in an environment?
how to add command with new line in the variables?
Split large amount of wav files to small parts
Installing missing firmware in debian
Wifi connected but no ping (narrowed down to Ethernet interface somehow interfering with Wifi functionality)
How to combine grub2 of Ubuntu 16.04 on /dev/sda and Fedora25 on a LVM partition in /dev/sdb
Unable to start vagrant instance
Use i2p or freenet in command line
Enable true color for neovim in Fedora 25
Xen server VM creation on ubuntu server
DKMS stuck while installing new kernel, what shall I do?
Grep output from USBPcap
can "interchanging usb ports of expansion hdd disks when comp on suspension" damage them?
How to fix time in Arch Linux
Awk: Alter lines depending on the next one
Running a script on leaving an i3 workspace
Alternative ways to list files executable by all
How to capture the xtrace output (only) in a file?
How can I print the standard deviation of a measurements for each ID using awk?
Smaller size of CIFS mounted Directory than the file
Ruby version issues
Get Remote Desktop on Redhat Enterprise linux. I have ssh access only
Alternatives not working well for Java installation on Centos 6.4
How can I defragment my SSD on linux?
Disable GNOME on a Debian Install
On Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.2 how can I use Python 2.7 as default not Python 2.6? I did but still showing 2.6?
Is there a tool that combines zcat and cat transparently?
Protecting Devices from dd and fdisk Commands
How to remove disk from RAID1 without knowing the /dev/XXX name?
Installing Gnome on FreeBSD
echoing symbols in terminal/bash
How does GDM authenticate to the X Server?
Safe Linux dual-boot partitioning?
Kernel panic in Fedora 18 after updating to kernel-3.9
Text to yaml conversion
Debian init runlevels
Making two drives show as one on debian?
Is Mac OS X really SUS compliant?
How to add a launcher that compiles some code in a terminal in XFce?
How to change the style of the analogue clock in XFce?
What is netinstall image?
Content Explanation Of: /proc/fs/ext4/device_name/mb_groups
Install powernap on debian?
Using remapped Left Control <LCTL> key as shortcut
How to add a precompiled library in autotools?
Shell can't resolve argument
nftables rules not blocking traffic
Why does telnet on a non existent port not directly reject, but time out?
Understanding the command “wget -q -O- | apt-key add -”
Awk - How to use a variable as part another variables name
Cannot open access to console, the root account is locked after upgrade linux mint kernel
What is the machanism of background process's output?
How can I edit root /etc/fstab after boot failure in CentOS 7?
why does NFS require synchronized system clocks?
Installing VirtualBox on Manjaro i3, Error: target not found: virtualbox
run Airflow webserver on EC2 CentOS using Systemd: Permission denied
Keybindings: Mapping them from keyboard to application?
Debian 10 cannot open display:
Dashes in paths specified in systemd files
mount in fstab with krb5 at login
Ubuntu 16.0.4 laptop boots to GRUB 2, cannot find root device UUID
JQ - List all keys, excluding arrays
ksh: appending date-time in history
Change layout to Dvorak and replace caps with control
What are the implications of BTRFS read errors?
What makes an Oracle VirtualBox guest work with 4k resolution
Bash script interpreting line continuation as a new command
Error when using /var/log
Bluetooth mouse latency
configuring sshttp - confused by port choices, iptables configuration
How can I access the remote's speaker, microphone and webcam via xpra?
Is there any way to color concrete words in bash?
Starting Fish terminal from bashrc breaks standard terminal input
How to track which file adds a path in PATH?
Replacing all the dots in the name of directories and sub directories recursively with spaces
limit sshd to use only ssh-ed25519 keys to authenticate
I get zsh: parse error near `\n' whenever I try to SSH into my raspberry PI
Systemd service vs .profile to start python program at boot
What is the hardware which the linux kernel uses for timer interrupt
How to find disk usage more than 70% and find largest in there with one script?
SCO OpenServer for consumers?
How to GET the current profile via pactl?
How to display all sub string found in cut command
What is the most correct way to pass an array to a function?
How to use `cat` or `less` depending on the line count?
Screen resolution problems on Thinkpad E520
View pdf file in terminal
FTP timeout FIRST time
Is split-screen `cat`ing possible?
Changing file associations in GNOME?
Is learning a text editor like vi necessary and still worth the time today?
Different Kernel in DomU than in Dom0 on xen
Suppress output unless non-zero exit code
Rule for invoking subshell in Bash?
Terminal commands equivalent to NetworkManager's "Use as Hotspot" option
How can I get crontab to use a different PHP installation location?
Resize window to half screen width in KDE 3.5
Map caps to esc for RHEL 5?
How small can an embedded Linux file system get?
Copy & Paste over several files with vim?
Bash script doesn't work as cronjob
Overwrite file and apply file system rights of overwritten files?
System image of running Debian system?
Network file sharing between Linux and OS X
Use a variable reference "inside" another variable
Is Ubuntu LTS binary compatible with Debian?
How to make the system automatically kill some processes?
What is the file descriptor 3 assigned by default?
'ImportError: No module named _struct' error when managing packages
How to find the PID of nginx process
What is the relationship between command line code and higher level language code?
Joining files on disk
want the last line when duplicate awk?
What does the (!) mean after uptime on htop
Samba prompts for a password twice
How can I enable Intel's P-State driver?
ping over wlanX when X is unknown
find correct log file out of thousands using head and fgrep
How to raise/lower window via mouse in Cinnamon?
Why am I getting this output in from sort?
col produces incorrect output
systemd memory limit not working/example
How can I tell which DNS server is being queried (Raspbian Lite)
Why is writing to a existing file faster than write a new empty file?
cannot get color schemes to display correctly in neovim
Best workaround for file's symbolic link with different group than file
Add columns to a text file with set spacing in Bash
How sound generally works in computer and what tools do i have?
Can I mask a program on the OS from the command line?
Cannot connect to any host (including localhost) using PAC Manager on CentOS 7
copy&paste in zsh
How to copy text of virtual terminal from graphics mode?
How to open automounted devices with thunar in gnome shell?
What's the difference between udev and acpi(d)
UFW rules to allow specific behaviour
How to access a security camera and covert it to /dev/video?
How to cut every line from a particular string?
How can I achieve the effect of MS remote desktop on Linux?
What is this view in vim?
Why does `watch` make `ls /tmp` list contents of $HOME?
How to mount to subdirectory of autofs
Build xpra on local directory without root privileges
script Multiple Commands
Report of sudo usage
what is the equivalent of du -s --si * in a Solaris box?
Cutsomize rofi when using SLiM
How to "Find" then "Rsync" then "Tar/gz" on destination host?
Why does piping filenames into VIM break bash when I return to the shell?
procmailrc and php
Scientific Linux 7.1 (rhel 7.1) Gnucash from EPEL stopped working
Dual Monitor on Arch Linux causes computer to not suspend
Trap error on remote server
how can one manually assign a permanent / static IP address with "ip addr add"?
Shell Scripting: calculate power of a number with a real number as an exponent
Setup GUI via ssh
how to see a http reponse message using telnet command?
Debian Jessie server has no internet access
How can I delete to a slash or a word in zsh?
Why do I still need to run shutdown as sudo after this?
getpriority returning different value on different hosts with same kernel version
Bash one liner not looping
How to re-enable the Ctrl+Shift+U shortcut in Cinnamon Mint 17.3?
Correct syntax for nmap
iostat ( column svctm is not trusted any more ) what to use instead?
Process in Unix
SELinux is not logging anywhere
Why is 'ls' suddenly wrapping items with spaces in single quotes?
mcelog: random freeze on Ubuntu/Fedora/Win10
how to read variables in bash and pass these variables to a c++ program as arguments
Installing apr(apt-get install libapr1-dev libssl-dev) in my linux system giving me errors
MD RAID 5 module doesn't load at boot
BASH - Associative array - getting the value of the key in the final element
Grep expression with spaces - BASH
How may I echo all but the last parameter in bash?
Spectre V2 on Linux
Thinkpad x61 with Mint 19.1 connecting to TV but NOT to projector
Delete User in /etc/group
How to organize /home/ such that users don't see each other's content?
Should I be concerned with the error xauth: /home/user/.serverauth.535 does not exist?
How to install/uninstall .deb packages?
HDI: Dim the screen beyond the typical maximum?
Do I have PCLMUL instruction set support?
Do GNUmakefile, GNUmakefile.am, and GNUmakefile.in indicate that Automake has been used?
only output when first columns are the same
How do I edit the terminal launch command in Linux Mint?
How do I convert a kernel .config file from 32-bit to 64-bit?
Can you Chroot a program from an OpenVZ environment?
Debian system - Network security tools
Gparted Shows HDD as unallocated
Can't access Desktop Manager after upgrading to Kali Sana
How can I delete a file named "--append"?
XKB multi-layout layout specific Capslock behaviour oddity
How to scp self?
Wireless breaks after closing laptop
KeePass on OpenBSD and libpng error
OverlayFS - How to make changes to upper filesystem persistent without unmounting?
Is there a reason to use multiple question marks instead of an asterisk in filename expansion?
Allow a single process to access a file
Null and escape characters
how practical the number of cores in Android
Remote installation of packages on Ubuntu
Possible to route all LAN traffic through router configured with my VPN service?
Debian continue running script from lxde even after logging off
Capturing output/redirection of commands chained by &&
How to find and install specify package by command?
Installing libx11-devel from source, error in string.h
Insert Line in Multiples Files
Putting a single quote in a filename
Disable some programs from sudo
Error : segmentation fault
How do I create a deflate file suitable for HTTP?
password aging policy, the passwd command and /etc/shadow
Use NVIDIA graphic card as regular resource
Why is blkid displaying a different UUID than /dev/disk/by-uuid for my USB drive
make sudoers use their own history file
Which device is working
Clearing the content of files by size
restrict private apt repository with rssh - why does apt-get try /bin/sh?
posix placement of stdin redirection (<in cmd vs cmd <in)
Broken disk size after incomplete dd operation
Freeradius server for multiple vendor network
How to add a system call in linux kernel 4.x
Why is the GNU find command telling me that any valid path is an "invalid argument"?
scp `ls -liart | tail -n5 | grep 0001` wuxi-jump-128:/tmp fails: No such file or directory
Native binary libraries containing duplicate composite symbols error
Unable to redirect output of crontab -l to file
Cannot understand behaviour of ifup/ifdown and /etc/init-d/networking
How to replace CLRF with new line in public key
Linux Active Directory user group authentication
redefine optflags or pcre-config
Should `sudo less ...` change the ownership of `~/.lesshst`?
Match first column of two files and Merge last column of File2 in File1 in linux
Nohup supports for 1 site in a Linux Server and not for other site on another Linux Server
creat a vm from a subscribe library
LVM snapshot: Failed to wipe snapshot exception store, udev doesn't create the partition before lvm tries to wipe it
how to log using systemd
Remove and disable systemdi process in linux ubuntu
How to log result if shell command from systemd service?
Connect to a mariadb running on host from docker
How to print the default terminal's command in Python/Bash?
Connect SSH server to serial port
How to pass linebreak from a variable in "ANSI-C" way?
FreeRDP takes too long to fail
Pulseaudio detects aux jack plugged in, but no sound plays
Kerberos fallback to app login
Pivot file values
EXIT Trap with POSIX
Where is GRUB's boot information located? (want to delete partition)
How to modify this `printf` code to reverse it's action?
Debian freezes when clicking an app in Activities
startx not automatically running on reboot
How to include custom command options in a bash script with $1 and $2?
Fans always on on HP laptop
Why doesn't GNU `su` respect end of options?
Redhat : "gluster volume status" shows NFS Server on localhost as N/A and Offline
Reduce a size of a file(.jar) in unix
Removing directories: Shell vs. File Manager
Create link between two existing files
Check if logged in user via SSH did go through Active Direcory
Rsync (No need to copy the time stamp)
gui for subversion with kde (kdesvn?)
Command "paste - - - - ", how to specify a big column number
Why do I get different results during ftp communication when using ls filename and ls./filename
Error in format when appending column with sed
What does systemctl with status command?
Finding the file that contains the added path to $PATH
Privilegies of command inside shell script
How to search-replace-backup files recursively in linux?
Install the content of a folder into another
Unable to upgrade a kernel module using modprobe: after reboot dmesg indicates the old version (but modinfo shows the new one)
Duplicating xfce panel across multiple monitors
CentOS command issue
What could cause which to not show something in the path?
What is .emacs? How do I edit it?
Manipulating a file with sed
Sniffing packets through router
How to upgrade Fedora Core 3?
Flash plugin installation error
How to set per process swapiness for linux?
Problem pinging from a specific interface
Split: how to split into different percentages?
listing packages in Debian, a la `dpkg -l`, but including the package origin/source
Multiline pattern match using sed, awk or grep
When does the system send a SIGTERM to a process?
Configuring cron.hourly
ssh remote server on some port other than 22 without password
"Conflicting versions" error while running eggdrop
How to utilize TUN/TAP tunnel from user program?
How can I make iconv replace the input file with the converted output?
Can't add user to group without a restart?
SELinux is preventing /usr/bin/bash from execute access on the file myfilename.sh in nginx via php-fpm
Update Linux Mint 18.1 Cinnamon
Why does moving forward switch the file system here?
How can I view files created on vagrant in finder
Is there anything like earlyoom for CPU usage?
Printing the ping result in a simple format like "10ms"
Debian 9 and RStudio
Deleting files except if the name contains a substring
Debian 9 sources.list
Loop over a data frame comparing elements of the firts and second row
UltraWide display not working with AMD GPU on Debian 9
Bash script, when executable requires 2 arguments
Find all files in all subdirectories with name ExampleDir
Does the params and the name affect the command in Linux?
Debian: The repository does not have a Release file
Using grep command for multiple strings
What is the start icon on the partition on the gnome disk utility?
gpg-agent refuses SSH keys with ssh-add reporting "agent refused operation"
Why the \b do not backspace in the end?
List all filename extension associations for a given program
Iptables port hijacking
Why can't /proc be a layer of a overlay file system (overlayfs) on linux?
Cent OS password rules not working
Mounting same device on / as read-only, in subdirectory(/mnt/rootfs) as R/W
Ubuntu install spanning multiple disks
Lock on IBM DB2 database on Linux server
Why do we need so many terminal emulator packages and what is their use?
How to send a file using xmodem protocol from the command line
DNS not resolving using IP rule for dialup modem
How to upgrade from Ipython Notebook .12 to .13 (Linux)?
Amount of memory transfer on a running Linux
How to set up screen resolution permanently
grep for string like xxx12345
Can using SFTP with HMAC-RIPEMD160 replace computing file hashes before and after transferring?
$@ and 'set env $PATH' - Why should this statement go into .inputrc?
Mount partition with truecrypt using the commandline
How is paid software distributed and updated in Linux?
Awk/grep/sed get comma separated list of numbers from lines of text
82MB of "reserved memory" on 512MB (x86) system
How to show boot logo only by grub2 theme in Ubuntu 18.04 server kiosk mode?
How to modify this `printf` code to accept input in first to last order, or flip output?
Invisible mouse pointer in Java application window
lsyncd - How to upgrade lsyncd from 2.1.5 to 2.2.3 version
Finding all files with a given extension whose base name is the name of the parent directory
How to use QT to open the Linux terminal and run the written shell in the terminal
How come my script won't function properly?
Grub Installation failed - Invalid Argument
/var/log/warn and messages get written full with io/hpmud/musb.c 997: invalid bulk out endpoint [SLES11]
Non recursive .inputrc macros
sudo authentication when using SSH key auth with Keepass+Putty
wpa_supplicant: try connecting to wifi without password
htaccess: disable pdf caching - is it possible on hosted site?
How to change file permission of shell files
How to compile from sources Breeze for GTK theme on Debian 9?
Get specific string from specific point of line
fedora 29 different window manager not starting correctly
LVM + use the space of the OS in order to increase the partition
Why can't I access a symlinked directory
Unable to connect to docker services
Fedora 28 hangs when logging in shortly after boot
Script alternative of GUI command executed on login - it should not
How do I make the Deepin Desktop Environment not show what's in my home folder in the background?
ssh kills "while read"
Kali apt-get update not working as it should
Can't add a child process in the foreground process group
Netcat listens on a wrong port
What is the most reliable method to update a remote Fedora Server installation?
Is it possible to recover overwritten files from another operating System on the current operating system?
Printing a variable in a file along with some existing columns
Can't boot Ubuntu 19.04 or Ubuntu19.04 LiveUSB after enrolling MOK
How to write a DNS record for subdomain?
H.264 videos fail in Firefox or Chromium on Fedora 30
Unix get last field
Unzipping the parent directory contents ignoring sub-directory and their contents
Adding entries to fstab results in emergency mode
Determine available phy0 interface combinations on boot
Xconf / change the driver of an input device
cron jobs printing to /dev/stdout
alias to turn on/off openvpn
CentOS 6.8 + Samba4 + Kerberos: No credentials cache found
Dropping a process into the background
How to count values that match a certain condition?
Deploy personal programs and scripts
view IPs from apache access.log for date period
Tar - Transform stdin without extracting
When arch linux boots on my mac, I can execute commands, but the screen is completely black
Shell program to just open a character driver and wait
variable containing output of docker exec command malaligned
Git: change content of previous commit and push
Search and replace specific tag value in XML file with sed command
Cannot rm or cp files with a wildcard in name
How may I echo all parameters with greater than 2 characters in bash?
Can't highlight words in terminal
snmptrap - further confusion
Get every IP except for the loopback device
Would a forked child always get same File ID as parent's file ID?
Transpose a single column of a CSV file
Git: autocomplete my prompt after failed push because missing -u flag
Required Bash Code for Hide Password during Typing
How to configure ipv4 Link-Local on Linux with systemd-networkd without violating RFC3927 specifications?
Terminating a Screen session after running "screen -D -m"
Grep is printing "grep:" - How to ignore it
How to have consistent cursor size on HiDPI?
Ubuntu installation from HDD
Why can't root manage Virtualbox VMs created by vboxuser?
How to run multiple processes and exit if any of them exits or fails
Creating an encrypted partition to store private keys
"LVM failed to initialize library context" - SLES 12.3 after reboot lost some of its PVs
How to use 'wine' and AviSynth and Avs2YUV with 'mplayer/mencoder' (or any player/encoder)
How to write the output of live-f1 into a file
How to redirect tty1 to an X11 (KDE) Konsole shell?
KDE System Tray Organizer
Remove empty configuration section
1000 iptables entries on CentOS?
Is there a downside to ksplice?
Is there a way to find which iptables rule was responsible for dropping a packet?
bash -i behavior and "why is my terminal hung?"
Splitting large directory tree into specified-size chunks?
Keep newlines in output of cut
Mass .flac --> .mp3 transcoding: How to write a shell script that preserves ID3 tag information?
Use math.h and link objects files without -lm
How do I force remove a package in Arch with pacman?
Xubuntu: Restoring the notifcation area in xfce4
Vim: word wrap for documents
What is it that clobbers my letters together in Gedit?
How to find files in Linux using "locate"?
Linux: Apple Wireless A1314 Fn key not registered, looks like software bug
Display problem - Random grid appears on screen
I want to tar X directory not including its parents
How to have tail -f show colored output with vim?
Linux running slow with 0 swap left
Rationale for making user space text segment start at 0x8048000
Find the total size of certain files within a directory branch
error: implicit declaration of function ‘rt_dev_socket’
can't change file permission
vim.googlecode.com SSL certificate change
Text file look-up by column
How to create a testcolor.sh like the following screenshot?
How can I tell if a package is safe to update on CentOS?
What is the difference between $* and $@?
Process movie intelligently
how to redirect terminal output to multiple log files
Changing screen resolution/geometry of a vncserver without randr in Linux
How to switch mailboxes in Mutt?
How to start changing linux source code to make custom OS?
Colour bleeds right when writing a custom script in byobu
Using CSV line as command parameters
Pasting binary data into a Unicode terminal
SH process is using 50% of CPU, why is that?
find the set of common files between several directories?
Show command executed along with output in log file
perform remote sqlite command
bash equivalent of this use of tcsh "sched" command?
c1-c2 regular expression in sed and grep
OpenLDAP v2.4 enable logging
vim color is not showing on urxvt
Bios supports 2x8 PCI-E bifurcation, but Ubuntu 19.10 / 5.3 kernel showing 4x4
Initramfs not able to mount /system
Samba Permission denied
Understand an awk command that converts column values to rows
POSIX catch newline in case statement
Unable to install python3-pip on Debian 8
SFTP randomly closes out customer SFTP connection from IBM Sterling
how can I set a right click and open terminal in context menu
Custom Service Causing Boot Errors
When restarting Ubuntu quit supervisor sooner than other services
How can i put the gcc warning messages in a text file?
accidently used dd on the wrong drive
Understanding install OpenPGP on Debian
Mount points in /etc/fstab on Debian system for an encrypted partition
How can I extract only the lines that have a specific string AND THEN sort the numbers at the end the extracted lines , from lower to higher value
How can I separate multiple files from single file caused by zstd -r folder -o output.zst?
Using loop in script for command line arguments
How to open the crontab of another user in my editor of choice?
docker image prune filter not working
regex for matching an entire line $0 in awk
Permission denied when copy a file into a network hard disk folder (Raspbian)
GTK FileChooser causes crashes in several programs
How to exclude IFS influence on inner cycle?
Regex - Search for valid urls inside archive
How to call 'ALTER SESSION' inside a sqlplus call in shell script
Download Python module to live distro
Anything special to consider when cloning an HD to an SSD?
Setting PS1 color
Automatically update a Debian system
View man page of not installed package?
What causes files to lose permissions?
find n most frequent words in a file
How to use whitespace in procmailrc recipe destination path?
Tmux makes a sound when I launch it, how could I disable that?
How to ssh to a server using another server?
Why does it take so much time to execute semodule -i mypol.pp?
Two different /etc/hosts depending upon the time
Can we run firefox and Nightly simultaneously?
update-grub in grml
Booting a newly compiled Linux kernel
HP-UX Boot from SAN
How to set a background image on GRUB?
Moin underlay permissions
How to compile & execute C programs under Linux?
Web browser hooked pulseaudio sound, how to release?
When should I keep debugging symbols in kernel modules?
What is Linux for OpenVMS DCL Ctrl/T?
OpenWrt: do manually configured ip assignments survive a reboot?
Redirecting all tcp traffic to Tor using iptables (proxy?)
How to grep/awk/sed for text in a log and display the chunk that has the text?
Variable Capture and For-Loop Arithmetic
Start a GUI application at reboot
renaming mp3 files starting with "-"
How do I turn off the "Running in software rendering mode" warning?
Bcm43142 driver wifi open-suse
How can I recover from a `chmod -x chmod`?
How to calculate the standard deviation for each row?
WinSCP in Wine - Black Box, no handling possible
How to select specific lines of multiple data files
tried creating duplicate root user, can't connect to server anymore
xrandr multiple displays showing different areas of the same virtual screen
Is is possible to override an RPM's service user account during installation?
Local Nix cache is ignored because NAR info file lacks a signature
Bash scripting using #1 & #2 params but if files not found reverting to read from user
What happens if I format a mounted USB drive with --force flag?
Crontab changes not working
How can I insert a character in a string?
How ssh can connect with itself?
Backup a 50Megbyte ubuntu linux subdirectory tree to a LG Ultra Slim Portable DVD Writer
Is there any way to hide kernel threads from ps command results?
Audio 'pops' in when starting and stopping
using xinput to get device state
Using iptables to redirect all traffic to local webserver
script for automount, using if statement. cannot got the result
File permissions on data backups
performance regarding "find" arguments' orders
Encoding of /proc/<pid>/cmdline files
Service 'org.kde.kaccessibleapp' does not exist
Strange yum behavior - Centos
Show desktop button for GNOME 3
What format gives photorec to files?
Marking up symbols in a programming language
Change unix user environment
Linux TOTP vs SSH Keys
What happens when a non-root user sends signals to root user's process?
Bash Script execute command as user
How to remove a positional parameter from $@
How to safely delete a regular directory that contains several btrfs snapshots inside it?
How to trigger a 2nd command when a specific command is run in the shell?
I have 5 IP addresses and use opensmtpd as the mail server on Debian 8.3. The mail server uses the main IP as standard
How to get a randomly shuffled sequence based on shuffle intensity indicator?
how to subtract first value from the last one within a column across a row in shell?
My "yum update" is not working
Create guest account in Gnome 3.X on Arch Linux
Extlinux.conf on separate partition?
echoing a value from a BASH function after a command has been run in the background
systemd dynamic (runtime) dependencies
Getting the full path name of a given directory
Bash script to insert letter based files into directories
Disk space full not changing after mount folder on other disk
search string in files and replace it incrementally
Are there any repositories for Fedora 3?
Safe to delete System.map-* files in /boot?
non-case-sensitive sed - OpenWrt
How to make KDE3 visible for GDM?
How to export/extract audio from a DVD under Fedora 14?
How to deliberately activate cooling fan of laptop?
internal speaker not working ubuntu 10.10
How can I best copy large numbers of small files over scp?
cshrc execute bashrc within itself?
wget not able to log into ftp
How can I clear the list of recently accessed documents in Fedora?
SSH Copy Limit?
How to get only files created after a date with ls?
Why do I get an "rsync: failed to set times on ... : Operation not permitted (1)" error on Ubuntu 10.10 with SME Server 7.4?
Program to keep track number of login attempts
The Right Distro for text-based needs
/proc/PID/fd/X link number
Why does `last` show '{' and '|' in the TTY field?
SVN changelist all my checkouts
How do I set up a BitTornado tracker?
How to manage huge amount of files in shell?
Small Distributed Computing Cluster
5.1 speakers on soundblaster x-fi 'extreme audio'
No sound when attached to docking station
How can I enable internet sharing without using the gui or apple script on snow leopard?
Add new user in solaris
Gallium renderer used instead of Intel Mesa
What is logcheck, and why is it consuming 100% CPU out of the blue?
How do I remove login password for Centos6.5?
How to dual boot Xubuntu with Windows 7 & 8 from separate drives
How to configure kmail2 to use client certificates for POP3 and IMAP access
USB drive Dell does not work on Lubuntu
impossible to make fsck
KVM guest as default gateway for bridged network
How to get the list of the packages provided within a particular Linux distribution
CSV - Converting SOME Columns to Rows with duplicated data
Which /boot and /etc are used by Grub2 when there are multiple OS?
Why does this apt-get remove have such deep consequences?
Do shells other than Bash and Zsh support ANSI-C quoting? e.g. $'string'
rsync with different ssh ports
atom: command not found
FreeBSD + Audio from Realtec ALC883 integrated in motherboard
How to upgrade Gentoo to use the latest versions of all installed software, including those with blank keywords?
Selecting lines in a file that do not contain the value in the other file
Times New Roman not working after installing ttf-mscorefonts-installer in Debian
Understanding ACPI wake-up codes / DSDT (Differentiated System Description Table) of Thinkpad T430s BIOS
SSH Tunneling - Local and Remote Use Cases
Need clarification on apache reload
Run shell scripts with -x for debugging system v boot
sendmail attachment is empty
Systemd optional service dependency that checks for error
Pass BASH array to diff like file contents
zsh: map command to array
Map Caps Lock to Escape for server not running X
Remove lines from a file depending on lines found in another file
Unable to mount RAID4 volume in Ubuntu 19.04
Volume applets control only one channel of envy24
Hybrid RAID (SDD+HDD) gives unexpected results
Pulseaudio does not find my docking station's audio
rsync with filter to include only certain file types for specific directory trees
What are nvme namespaces? How do they work?
Hot Key for "Enter"
What determines whether backspaces show up in a file created with cat?
openrc: disable NetworkManager waiting
Setup Automation - Firefox and Addons
debian 9 init.d and systemd
Send Shift PgUp to the console
SMB Not Able to Use Date Command Substitution
What '\t' mean with 'tab' delimiter with 'cut' in BASH
How to sum each column and print column name and column sum using awk?
UNIX Syntax (and other errors)
Parsing bash output
Way to search pdf for annotations, edits and other review markings?
make headers_install not working as expected
spaces in rsync script variables
unable to ping ipv6 device with linklocal address
setting `xterm-keys` in `tmux` affects Shift-Enter in `vim`
Can't connect to Wi-Fi on Kali Linux
how to assign an IPv6 static address
Why is udisksctl loop-setup so slow?
Is there a canonical way to get which version of e2fsprogs you have installed?
Convert / and /boot from ext3 to btrfs
Does a group created using `groupadd` have a default password?
SSH Script Joinning
Compare two files and retrieve corresponding results
Is perl-Net-IP package same as Net-IP package?
Logitech MX anywhere 2S mouse: buttons not recognized by xev
Removing certain files in a series of subdirectories
logged in on X without environment
How can I increase my virtual memory
How can I get the list packages I installed on my system?
How to get the primary group of a user?
What is chsh command use for?
Command-line email client for gzipped Maildir
how to decrease partition size + lvm
One keypress produces more keycodes
macOS (BSD) vs GNU grep multiple pattern inconsistency
Logging remote file to rsyslog
How to still using NSS cache daemon in place of NSS LDAP cache daemon
How can I reference the same path from one command to the next?
Putting external IP into a variable - grep operation failed
Midnight Commander: sftp connection using aliases from ssh config
Ansible playbook syntax help from CLI
EC2 1/2 status checks while replacing the volume
How to find out easily whether a block device (or a part of it) is mounted somehow
How do I create a folder with a username and date as the folder name?
Failing to format flashdrive to UDF
Change sudo and root password on Debian
How I append the data of Multiple files into one file?
How to get started with bash?
Is there any guarantee that /usr/bin/env will exist?
How to show progress when loading initrd?
How to modify source code of collection of programs of a GNU/Linux OS?
How would you use the cpio command?
Display full ISO time in OSF1
telnet: connect to address 127.0.0.1: Connection refused
Keeping the number of files in the folder constant by deleting old files
Why does `make install` not produce an rpm?
Host name on terminal changes when I connect internet : why?
Cannot connect to X server :0.0 as superuser
Tape device file does not exist
What is the effect of rsync --block-size on large files?
Regular expression in Bash to validate IP-address
Allow User To Access Other User's Home Directory
How to move EFI and boot partitions?
Can I use KdirStat over SSH?
How to disable Network and Bluetooth driver loading
Randomizing the source port for new connections
openSuSE power management from command line
OTRS installation error on openSuSE
OSX 10.9.1 unable to open .pkg file
Why bzip2 --version behaves strange?
Discover windows in current KDE activity with d-bus
Logging into an RDP/S session
Mount Android phone file system on Linux manually
How to backup all my data from a server?
Extracting parts of filename
timestamp of newly created file is in the future
filter cron emails through procmail?
delete directory with special character in filename
cat file to udp, pt 2: send 1 udp packet per ^C-delimited line
How to install Kile on Debian KDE 7.3 32 bit?
prores 444 output using ffmpeg
Problems with unixODBC and SQLite
How do I update grub in Arch Linux
How long do dentries stay in the dcache?
Copy MBR and boot partition to a smaller disk
How to strip color codes out of stdout and pipe to file and stdout
How to turn on Keyboard Autorepeat permanently on VMware instances of CentOS 6?
How do I diagnose why Ubuntu is freezing?
allowing users to access certain ports on server
How to open .Desktop file in Windows
Monitor com port with strace
Commands to read and eject CD?
How do I get a single total of lines with `wc -l`?
"Memory corruption detected in low memory" kernel messages?
Order a list of zipfiles, by date modified, then unzip them in that order
Build xfreerdp 1.1
How to grep/awk/sed for a random pattern
Encrypted LVM not Booting When Demount unaffected HDD
RHEL KVM stuck when trying to create VM under VMware Fusion
Cannot delete a BTRFS subvolume "Operation not permitted"
Using tree with tar.gz file without extracting contents
My Atom says: "bash: javac: command not found"
Nested nohup mishandle output
POSIX command for `which --all`, to list all on PATH not just first?
Contents of /var/run persist across reboots
Filter YAML file content using sed/awk
UNIX script is unresponsive?
Pi zero (USB Connected) ssh to it's dynamic IP don't work
Persist SSH Command
how to get ethernet interface name, why do they vary from eth
Waking an Ibook G4 (powerpc) running Debian Linux from suspend based on timer
Copy-paste between urxvt and abiword
Problem building GPG
Replacing text between two HTML Comments
Split logs from cron jobs
Which filesystems can RHEL 5 read from and write to?
Who SSH'd into User using auth.log/RSA Key
Run cd with path variable in bash script not working
Run basic administrative commands on GoDaddy
Is it possible to build a Linux distro supporting both RPM and .deb packages?
BASH: declare a local function in remote host with interactive shell
How can I run (start) a framebuffer application via SSH?
Fixing btrfs file extent holes
Manually create grub entry for iso debian file : cannot copy cdrom
SSSD LDAP authentication using two different LDAP servers
How do I calculate Linux physical volume and volume group metadata overhead?
Enable Scriptlet Does Not Exist
Does LUKS map sectors in order?
Setting up 2 drives with MBR with /boot as partition and / as LVM on RAID1
How to check why .desktop file is not running?
Running linux mint with only free software?
removing file extensions with bash
Is there any utility that can drop me into a Intel ME Minix shell?
Linux shell script to check if another user has unread mail
Ralink MT7601U (148f:7601) Wi-Fi adapter installation
Certain text in wrong font and misaligned in Google Chrome
Is there a way to find out if my system supports Intel AMT?
strongswan ikev2 cisco traffic selectors inacceptable
Ctrl + C not working on single user mode on Linux
I want a CGI to display script results with different font sizes according to # of characters
How to reinitialize eth0 connection without rebooting my system?
Removing lubuntu-desktop removes only 15.4kb of files and auto-remove does not remove anything
Is it possible to re-create a directory structure that creates a binary identical bsdcpio output stream?
How to save an output of airodump-ng to a file?
Cron Authentication Failure error in Linux?
How do I stop /etc/resolv.conf being repeatedly reset to point to 192.168.33.2?
Cannot connect to remote server with x2goclient, getting connection failed - found existing ssh-agent
Why isn't screen on macOS picking up my ~/.terminfo?
Shell script, linux, unix, shell
Skipping hardware clock and setting system time from NTP
Why doesn't dig myip.opendns.com @resolver1.opendns.com use sshuttle's proxy?
What is the meaning of setting cpu affinity (e.g. SCHED_SETAFFINITY) on a virtual machine
get application name from pid
Error in VirtualBox while importing a .ova file
SSH <<-MYTAG hiding the script piped into the ssh connection
How can I run a command in mac terminal for multiple files in a folder in one go?
Some confused concept: ptmx and tty
How does the "locale" program work?
How to calculate the maximum value for shutdown -r +${MINUTES}?
A monitor connected by HDMI not recognized by Intel HD Graphics
Empty multiple .csv log files but retain the header
How to kill stuck php-fpm processes
M.2 NVMe PCIe boot times much slower than old SATA SSD
Unable to Connect to VNC Server Using SSH Tunnel
How to make systemd not hang (unresponsive system), but provide emergency shell?
CentOS 7 with dual NICs cannot connect to the internet
Redirecting stdout and stderr when installing software
Syslog-ng not sending messages to localhost port 514 on centos 7.5
Changing the name of a system user
Download of mysql rpm unauthorized
Need exim >=4.86 on Ubuntu 14.04 LTS
How to pass a password down with ssh tunnel
How do I Install screen on RHEL 7.2
Programmatically identify block device of filesystem
awk, duplicate Values
How to setup a firewall between my ISP cable modem/router and my LAN?
Using regex in the heredocument redirect/append line, to target specific "sets" of directories
How to get list of to-be-upgraded packages using apt-get?
Make `most` pager properly handle colours from standard‑input
How to customize Linux without sudo/root access?
How do I search files without certain extensions in their names?
enabling thinkpad fn keys in openbox
How to stop emacs server
How can this init script start without its dependency?
Why does the sudoers file contain IP addresses?
xargs command results in sed: ;: No such file or directory
How can I forward emails from a POP3 account to another SMTP or IMAP account?
How to sed two same value without affecting the other
Preventing a specific space from being expanded in a variable
What command in bash to search for this string?
X commands do not start from my at job
How does ssh work when client and host are on the same machine?
Using vim-latex with latexmk and evince results in garbled text (GLib-GObject-CRITICAL)
mounting/converting v2i image in linux
grep; Obtaining patterns from a file, Ignoring case
sed and remove string between two patterns
How to execute command without storing it in history (even for "up" key) in zsh
for each with array w/ multiple items
Problem Trimming tailing characters
Cannot maintain internet connection on Linux Mint 18
can't delete ARP entry with iproute2
Bash 4.4 bracketed-paste-mode stays on while running commands - corrupts paste
Xmonad defaults deprecation: what is the future proof configuration?
Accessing a possibly dead disk
Sed script to modify path
Create FreeBSD install image on USB stick from Windows
problem with qemu emulation, "black window!!"
Trace who moved our folder in random directory
CentOS7: Network Manager is using wrong search domain
How to launch Notepad++ from the Cygwin command line via an alias?
dropbear ssh server won't let me connect
"Display localhost:0 unavailable" and "xhost: unable to open display 'localhost:0'" in local terminal (not SSH) on Fedora 25
Any similar tools like nmap for port scanning and finger printing OS
How to have a VIP for 2 servers ( Prod and Dr )
Suspicious network activity: sshd proces showing up with lsof
How can I get correct sub-pixel rendering in Java applications?
Can proxy_interfaces take a hostname?
firewalld zone settings don't survive a reboot
How to print first column of next line in current line?
running portable python3 under wine
Print just git commit sha and a pattern using sed
How to comment a line based on the word it starts with?
insert character in the beginning of specified line in file
How to change passphrase for pass (password manager)
Possible memory leak when writing files to SD with FAT fs
How can I see if a .deb package inserts a repository?
How to disable white noise with headphones in Dell XPS
how to prevent boot if a drive is not detected at bootup
Set newly created file as variable in makefile
How to force wget to convert *all* downloaded links to relative ones?
Repo APT secure - apt-get update GPG signature were invalid
How to input text into a new text file using nano from command line?
Verfication of command binaries before execution
H264 support for webcam driver source in kernel?
xfce4 weird panel behavior
How to find a list of files and zip them into a single zip file?
Mount folder as drive
How to change wrong mime type for msi file?
ext4: where did my free space go?
Imagemagick used to generate PPM's in Linux, PPM's are unreadable
Hardware Ethernet IP Limitation
Disk usage summary per user
Let pam module use hostname -s
How can I prevent ffmpeg intermmittent faulure with `AVC: nal size` error?
Solaris - permanently update PATH for all users
How to log SSHD failed logins with usernames under OpenBSD 5.3?
Keyboard shortcut for SIGTERM in GUI application?
How to modify the default "Index of" page in OpenBSD 5.3 httpd
Where can I find documentation or source code for udev properties?
echo a loop with variables command
Building a process Watchdog
`grep -l .. | xargs vim` generates a warning, why?
GNU toolchains against GCC SVN?
Unable to concatenate files with find ./subdir/* -print0 | sort | xargs -0 cat > merge.txt
Sort only on the second column
Adding commands to VIM?
CentOS conservative governor, nice error
Is xinitrc executed when logging in?
Fedora preupgrade-cli fails
How to disable wlan0 when shutdown
Looking up a local domain name without specifying the local DNS server
Build sumo 0.17.1 on Ubuntu 10.10
Change Tiling size in Gnome 3
Free all function keys ( F1-F12 ) for gnome-terminal
Taking a sparse snapshot
How to run john parallel on several CPU's?
ngircd / xchat SSL issues
Prevent or detect reading of daemon in memory
How to atomically change / rotate log file every minute?
initrd or ramfs for SLES as /
Canonical paths: why are they needed?
Why cannot find read /run/user/1000/gvfs even though it is running as root?
How to make local mirror of a website with a confirmation popup?
SUDO: Username condition in sudoers file
Execute in Place an encrypted ram drive
Unexpected whitespace using sqsh in command substitution
Using newest kernel version on an older system
Openswan ipsec hub and spoke setup is not working
Point USB phone to specific /dev/ttyACM using udev
Resume from hibernate fails after image restoration
Is NetworkManager itself capable of creating a new Wifi connection?
Can initramfs be paged out to swap disk?
Bought speakers (HS-307 USB), driver issue
Special File that causes I/O error
Installation of a software in .csh environment
How to print vagrant's rsync timestamp and files changed?
Connect wlan0 to HE-tunnel IPv6 Debian
Kali Linux sound problem
Cursor Frozen During Install
Add a dependency to a systemd automount
How do some tools (e.g. nano , less) manage to leave no content in terminals after exit?
sshfs "Connection reset by peer" with identify file
Which line in the /proc/tty/drivers reflect w command?
How do I customize character sort order?
Symbolic link not working as expected when changes user
When is there a need to flush caches in Linux ?
iptables port forwarding on two different interfaces
How to time the execution of parallel commands
Is there a unix scripting file checking Key?
Character spacing of font on Putty
Which Linux Distro came with all Daily Softwares
File Comparison in Linux
Compiling different kernel version
Local Yum Repo Question
How to wait before mv command completes in unix?
After Parrot os update Busybox v1.22.1 initramfs error
"sort -h" not working in Redhat 5.9. Any way to upgrade it?
My usb udev rule not triggering when I do echo 0 >authorized ; echo 1 >authorized
What files does the Linux kernel access?
bash error: Missing '))'
Mount Samba Share(Linux server) on Linux client machine
Error while installing Goautodial in CentOS 7
Defer some daemon startups until after disk idle at boot
Arch Linux installation usb
Access the GNOME shell aggregate menu per keyboard
echo or sed out of a ks-file to generate a mysql_secure script
Can't Login to using root user in Kali 2.0 Sana after update
How can I turn `file` tool into a predicate for `find`?
Applying RT_PREEMPT
How to use `find -exec` to execute command in directory of found file (not current directory)?
Terminal prompt is being written over top of
Configuring nginx for my own purposes
How to invoke BSD / Gnu Specific Man
How to remove all lines that have one value in the line?
udev rule not executing the script specified in RUN
How to disable bottom part of the screen with xrandr
Grow LVM on LUKS Logical Volume
Error installing Opennms on Oracle Linux 6.9
Mageia 5.1 dracut error
OpenBSD not accessible through SSH without GPU
Kali persistence freezes after shut down
How do I correctly configure exim4 on Debian so I can use `sendmail -t` to send mail via my office365 account?
I need to create a loop in bash to join images vertically and ouput multiple joined Pages for print
Does openwrt have a dhcp client?
How to get Pi-Hole to work with IPv6?
Why does the .screenrc key binding ^@a map to ctrl+space?
Why is filename expansion not performed on `*` in `grep --exclude=*.html`?
apm and atom commands not found: LinuxMint Software Manager install
Is there a way to run a command whenever the screen turns on?
How to install virtual keyboard?
Download over https on Debian not working (openssl misconfiguration?)
Can I use Slax Linux while still storing data on my USB?
Splitting data returned by a command
Linux Mint startup error due to insufficient disk space
get base64 value from openssl md5 command in script
What does sed 's/[^0-9]*//g' command mean in unix?
Discovering a disk's physical location
Append heredocument content to a file, only if this content doesn't already exist in that file
AWK: splitting URL into parts and print
Diffing for metadata differences
Unable to compare string with regex using test operator in shell script
Understand kernel task names
Accessing files in mounted NFS share hangs
How to route between interfaces
Disk encryption with ecryptfs - full disk
How to decode audit logs
Cat/grep just the lines with single ip
how to read value from awk command?
pip says it is out of date but updating says it is the latest version!
haproxy pass origin IP in galera cluster db
Why do you have to put ~/ before .bashrc when opening the .bashrc file?
awk: print duplicates from two files
call function declared below
My (slightly) customised Slax 9.4 distro doesn't load properly
File popups freeze in specific directory and show nothing - how to fix?
How to append output to a specific line in a file
Mount Google Drive without root or FUSE
How solve error with sftp: Couldn't read packet: Connection reset by peer?
getting only the path out of `type -p prog` command
Why does bash convert .* to hidden file list in current dir and how to prevent it from doing it?
USB 2-1.4: device descriptor read/64, error -110
S-Lang shell (slsh): capture command output in a variable
Vim: join lines by replacing ^M
Convert string into date time stamp in gawk or awk
Synergy: Connection failed to connect to server: incompatible client 1.3
Identify lines that are out of order
to make password less login to same linux server with same user
Fedora 3200x1800 resolution to small - can't see anything
Calling `source` from bash function
Accidentally garbled a bunch of file names in /tmp... ssh keys asking for passwords
Top forest view with filter, can I include all children?
Removing /home LVM and merging in to /
netctl: multiple Wifi APs with same SSID
Execute all files in a list
How do you run CPU at turbo speed continuously
cinnamon crashes after installing nvidia driver
OpenVPN systemd timeout error but works
Problems with colorschemes after upgrading to Debian Stretch (vim 8.0)
Which version of Debian does Kali Linux Rolling use? Jessie or Wheezy
jq returning full result after operation
find command with multiple pattern not returning any output
I use yum to install the vsftpd. Why is it not located in `/etc/rc.d/init.d/`?
How to delete everything inside a directory, without an specific folder and it's content
How to fix or bypass the DHCP handshake to get an IP address
What's a UTS namespace?
Fresh install of Debian 7.8.0, cant apt-get install build-essential
How to restrict number of telnet login attempts?
apache user cannot sudo while running via httpd
Redirect program output to file with line number limit
Adding new user in Linux
How is the linking mechanism so fast in the kernel system calls?
How to clean stdout/stderr color output
NCR unix system v/386 release 4 recover root password
Linux compatibility layer for IBM AIX
Why is `[` a shell builtin and `[[` a shell keyword?
create XML file using bash script
Printing interface-ipaddress through single command (piped)
Autocomplete issue in bash with equal sign (=)
Spamassassin object method location problems after restart
How to add a line number follow by a tab to a text file
Any distros already using Plasma 5 (February 2015)?
Slackware 14.1 software raid kernel panic unable to mount root fs
How To Run Script In Linux At Startup
Stateful user-space firewall for Linux
Is there a way to find the uptime of a network card in unix?
Create SSH session between Kali Linux to Windows XP
Unlock LUKS partition using keyfile without root access?
Custom bash 'context' when running from FISH
Interpretation of yum list results in fedora 21
Why is bash -c cutting off the end of my script?
Run Out Of Space On /dev/sda2
Gentoo: grub2 with efi
Assigning static public IPs to Proxmox KVM guests
How to Read string from file and compare to each line of second file
script does not execute
Display result of a command right aligned in terminal
xrandr: add a new mode
access to USB drive broken after changing uid
How to install the package 'dpkg' from the AUR
On which disk is a file located in a btrfs RAID-1 array/filesystem?
Show annotations in PDF
How to search with GNU find for several file types at a time?
How to run an infinite loop in the background
Why a crond can start late randomly
How do you reset my tmux display? Its stuck in a smaller window
Detecting installed OSs
How to group CSV lines by multiple column
LFTP --exclude prevents log file creation
different MTU on a single link
Need Awk or Unix Script to transpose / pivot in the following pattern
Weird compression question
Can't mount disk image
Delete all but multiple lines across multiple files
Install Persistent Linux Mint on USB
connection refuse for a LM related application
How to replace Linux Mint with Ubuntu without losing any internal data?
FreeBSD core dump file permissions
Bash tcp redirection end of transmission
Predefine web interface ports in Kerberios.io docker-compose multi-camera set up
Can someone explain to me how grep does this?
Error comparing decimal point integers in bash script
Puppet Recursive File Permissions
FTP Permissions in Linux (vsftpd)
Priority routing with macvtap bridges
capturing subshell command substitution output
mdadm problems when upgrading from Debian 8 to 9
Allow non-root users to mount kerberized CIFS share in their home only
Assign continuous stream to variable and process the variable
eth0 not present in OpenFiler on Hyper-V
Can I run high-performance games under Wine using a modern board (eg Z170)
The T on my keyboard auto's to caps
How to find out when battery stopped charging?
Set GRUB `elevator=deadline` scheduling to a single device
remove lines that contain IP range from specific column while making exclusions to range
How to boot to and run Linux from Chromebook with removed SSD?
Can you translate stack data? What is the data?
Limit access to a file by program in Unix/Linux
Dnsmasq points nonexistent subdomains point to local IP
Merge unallocated hard disk space
read issues with ls -i
Can the timeout of conjure-up/juju operations be configured?
startx crashes with no errors
Unix script to join data from different rows into one single row
USB WiFi card is not recognized as network interface
Boot stuck at "Started TLP system startup/shutdown."
OSX get user, system CPU usage per process
split variable into multiple variables in loop
Awk csv treatment output malformed line to stderr
Manipulating text in first column only?
Package libibumad is obsoleted by mlnx-ofa_kernel
Rsync - write permission denied
Dealing with NixOS missing dependency ~ libpng-dev
How to find the name of the SO file which contains the code for a specific function
create menu with x items depending on variable
How can I run a Linux Distro on my mid 2017 MacBook Pro 13 Inch?
xargs vertical alignment of output
Comparing two fields from two files and printing the common items from the files with the count from each file
how I can print psk only?
keep upstart job running?
why we get values in variable that are different
Find number of cores available in a given node
Is it possible have a deterministic run of linux process inside docker?
Restrict access to 80 port-access only via OpenVPN
CentOS 7: hot to increase the boot partition followed by logical volumes?
"while" with "find" in bash
How to search multiple files for a specific string one by one based on partial name
Solaris 10 boot from cd-rom
How to make USB debian squeeze disk for PPC?
How do I split a flac with a cue?
*nix whose package manager DOES NOT split Python into multiple packages
How to change the order of the network cards (eth1 <-> eth0) on linux
how to concatenate string variables into a third?
subversion 1.6 file svn:externals help
How to find unmatched brackets in a text file?
How do I give all the permissions to a file for a single user that's not me?
Ignore whitespaces changes in all git commands
How to determine distribution from command line?
How on earth can I stop this CUPS-related message on my Debian 6 virtual machine?
Message while booting : “can't allocate mem resource [0xc0000000-0xbfffffff]”
How to run a script from another path, and know the script's path?
Diskless workstations
performance monitoring
I shouldn't use root on my new ubuntu cloud instance, right?
No sound in webex player in wine
Screen status bar multiple lines
tar through ssh session
Does OpenBSD use bcrypt by default?
How many minutes have passed since the Unix Epoch?
How can I update the OS on an Iphone on a Linux machine
Why ACPI Namespace keeps changing
Is it safe to leave a enc folder mounted?
How to create yaboot partition using a ppc Mac
Cannot access network on the command line in Ubuntu 10.04
Will there be third party compositing with Gnome 3, or will it be limited?
Where can I find the source code of "GFileInfo" functions like "g_file_info_get_content_type"?
Bash scripting rsync puzzler
Changing DD-WRT's default IP address
How should I rsync files in /var/www if I want them to be owned by www-data?
Automount in Xfce4 just stopped working
How to copy some, but not all files?
Invoking CPU Stress
Batch up a number of jobs to run concurrently
mousekeys is too slow in gnome3 fedora
Advantage to using Linux over Windows?
I cannot install new packages: "Could not get lock /var/lib/dpkg/lock"
Postfix configuration - keep the envelops
Copying a deeply nested directory structure
How to make custom key type auto repeat in xkb
On Debian, how do I add a Python package in dist-packages to a virtualenv?
Ext4 support in Grub 0.9X (legacy) and Grub 1.9X (Grub2)
Why Debian CD has 52 CD
How to initiate SMTP outbound traffic via secondary interface - Linux Sendmail
Booting linux from usb using EFI
Keep only successful commands in BASH history
find -exec + vs find | xargs: which one to choose?
Vim: How to get rid of filetype-specific map?
wdfs mount problem
delete first line of file only if blank using sed
How does this directory use so much space
How to limit ext4 filenames to only those filenames legal in FAT?
How to remove mounted locations that have been added using the mount command?
Will wget -k still convert links to relative paths if wget is stopped prematurely?
Traffic stats per network port
Ksh features incorporated into Zsh?
How can I copy a file and create the target directories at the same time?
share vpn conneciton using router
I've just purchased a VPS: What are the first things I should do to keep it secure
Linux Booting with USB File System
Get list of subdirectories which contain a file whose name contains a string
For what are disk signatures being used for by GNU/Linux (distributions) / grub?
Is there a way to make a Bash script enter a certain keystroke?
How to chain ssh and stay in prompt
How to get total disk read/write in bytes per hdd device from /proc
Read-only file system error while creating a directory?
Location of dhclient.conf
Connect to the Internet on a VPN connected server without Internet
Where is "showing the output of the 'ls' command vertically" documented?
I want completely remove Fedora 16 from PC
Is there a way to monitor the Shareable Objects (.so) loaded on launch of a specific application?
How to configure DHCP so that hostname is not sent?
How to backup a running system?
How can I paste something to the VIM from the clipboard
Strange fcitx-mozc behavior with ArchLinux
Crunchbang installation on netbook
What is the faster way to launch any GUI program from the terminal
Why does grep treat '[D]ebug' string differently?
Is my system compromised or vulnerable to attacks
Why does VLC superimpose an additional “shadow” image?
Log from oom killer
What did `uniq -t` do?
How to set up AMD Cayman/Antilles HDMI Audio (Radeon HD 6900 series)?
How to wake up monitor from bash?
Unattended remote GUI access for linux applicance
Make yakuake outputting correct characters
How can I replace a string in a file(s)?
Command to restore filesystem to state after installation of the OS
ath9k 802.11n 300Mbps at low speed
gnome-keyring-daemon: insufficient process capabilities, unsecure memory might get used
How can I delete input in the terminal?
Can I apply `tmux` to a bash script?
Using root account to give sudo priviledges for a wordpress install
tftpd runs as root, despite explicit option "--user tftp"
How to add an alias without directly editing the `bash_aliases` file?
Use of __rb_rotate_left()
Linux - Process get as much resources as possible but give out resources when other processes coming in
linux + how to check partition size that not less then XXG
How to pass a conditional string to command in bash
Screen problem (Debian9 - xfce - ThinkPad x250)
awk column spliting using delimitter
Why the supplementary groups of "bash" also contains the primary group?
Why is it not possible to use a static IP address within the docker deafult bridge?
Pushing space bar on file different than a pdf - Fedora
How to monitor/remove dowloaded movies and music from network storage?
busysbox reboot doesn't work from init script
how can I use `find` to get the path from the starting point
How to delete a directory entry (file) that has no inode?
Apache Redirection from HTTPS to HTTP and HTTPS?
concatenate columns horizontally, if matches in previous field. Multiple columns to concatenate
issue with double/reverse quotes in su - user -c command
How to Extend a Logical Volume (LVM) to utilise the capacity in a different Volume Group?
Debian Jessie (8) using the Parallels desktop
External hard-drive's FAT32 partition not recognized by Windows after size increase with gparted
Cloning HDD to SSD: will dd do the job?
Xvfb + glxgears fails
Freezes after hitting F11
How to set environment variables for plink.exe?
Using UEFI boot mode for Gentoo Linux installation on OracleVM VirtualBox instance after April 20, 2017
Consistent enumeration of a btattached controller
zsh completion: make sshrc behave like ssh
Mirroring Filesystems without Transfers
SSH is requiring password when public key is on remote host
tail -f, but when the file is deleted and re-created (not appended)
Create a multi-script bash script that is compiled and keeps a log
Kernel upgrade to 4.4.0-103.126 fails and /boot is now too full to remove it
Is there a way to recursively change filenames from shell?
Apache Logs - X-Forwarded-for together with Virtualhost not logging
Each grep result to different file
Override an existing folder with cp
Transforming letters in columns into numbers
How can I set the default (user defined) listing mode in Midnight Commander?
Lynx read urls from file and download links
Writing an unlimited number of defined values into a file
Systemd: pipe input to daemonized server?
how to paste a file into another file (turn one), but one under the other?
Could not find rake-11.2.2 in any of the sources Run bundle install to install missing gems
Why does cating an executable keep changing the title of PuTTY?
Display and network card not working if booted without a display
How can I see the number of visitors in my website via CLI
What's the difference between ">&1" and ">/proc/self/fd/1" redirection?
server file owner and group changed when editing file locally
Halt the server daily at a specific hour
Replace particular character but not if it is inside ()
After dd completion, should records In = records out
How to parse an xml file in a shell script
Problems with SSH ProxyCommand
storage performance test
Use Terminal to duplicate file multiple times and rename files based on contents of .txt file
Change Default X11 Forwarding Port
Saved output from putty not treated as regular txt
How to add image to Linux prompt?
Touchpad sensitivity Linux mint 18.3 Dell Inspiron 5577
multipathing and mdadm hide /dev/sdX devices.
bash4: cp command cannot see files when enclosing file path inside a double quote
Comparing Data between 2 different files in Unix
Scrip to delete files older than 6 months
Rename file in another directory without repeating path
What does ln stand for?
Renew IP with dhclient on different interfaces
Moving compiled assembly code to the boot sector of a USB device
Passing binary data to curl without using a @file
How to prevent the termination of Anacron jobs after battery mode commences?
Return status of `cd` is always 0
Networking starts up but interface has no IP
Change working directory
Switch two arbitrary length strings separated by a symbol
Why do Unix-like operating systems shut down faster than Windows?
Possible to prevent multitail from closing "finished" command windows?
Creating Encrypted Tunnel Between 2 Lans
How do I set up passwordless authentication with non-root users?
How is /dev/null created on archlinux
alternative to "netstat -s"
apache Virtual Host Configuration CentOS7
Installing files in ~/.local
Can I prevent zsh slowing with a large history?
copy and symlink mysql to another disk partition
Apps with Gtk2 dependencies in a KDE environment
Spaces in variable assignments in shell scripts
How do I remove all but the last occurrence of a string?
Find files that match a certain size and modification time?
Why not display characters which I typed in tty?
Remotely use a platform device
Can I make history not print any timestamps for commands that were run before I enabled that option?
find serial com port
Improving my Bash script
How to group a bunch of rows based on information from the first row?
i3 bar replace tray icons by text
How to detect when apt-get requests cdrom?
ADB doesn't recognize a Samsung GT-I9000
find one difference...(or more)
scdaemon/gpg doesn't work
Boot problem in lubuntu
What should my terminal emulator do with DC1 control codes?
Periodically get CPU usage for single process
Force POSIX mode
Wrong unicode character
Move to the previous line of a multi-line command
Updating extensions after PHP upgrade on CentOS 5.6
Dependency failed for mount after dist-upgrade
How to pipe data from one command to another command which allows only a file as an argument?
How do I turn off redirection once I've turned it on?
Metadata fields required for debian Release files?
Purpose of the binary-all architecture folder folder on debian repositories?
DF output inconsistency
Linux Source Routing, Strong End System Model / Strong Host Model?
When are binary-all/Packages files read on debian repositories?
Create Directories and Subdirectories as Another User
The sum of % in the CPU column doesn't match the total CPU % row
Pausing a process with -SIGSTOP for long enough causes Kernel Oops Stack Overflow
Choose which browser to open link in
Need to iterate through subdirectories, concatenating files, with an iterative number
Attempting to get this program to only print Usernames that are between 5 and 10 characters long
Changing font size in whiptail dialog boxes
case with a $@ variable inside
Piping output of command to sed
Killing a process when some other process is finished
Systemd - Invert Conditions in unit file?
Diagnose on ubuntu 16 OSError: [Errno 28] No space left on device: but actually plenty of space
Gnu Sed: Space Character class not matching for end of line character
How to poweroff when there's no systemd/init (e.g. using init=/bin/bash)?
Get Wireless LAN IPv4 Address Of Device
Is it possible to type μ on the bash command line without copying and pasting?
Running Tor service in the jail environment
Defining Languages Available at boot - LiveCD
ranger image-preview with transparent terminal background
X does not load after debian upgrade
Using socat, how to send to and receive from a public DNS server?
Remote carriage return if there is only one column
XCompose is not updated for Urxvt when window manager starts
Different behavior between running command with sudo or directly as superuser - PATH is same
Running Multiple Line Commands with Python
routing vpn connection via gateway1 but vpn traffic via gateway2
Linux - After reboot, I get a Keyboard Interactive Authentication error. All Network traffic closed it seems
openmediavault does not boot without USB Keyboard
bash + regular expression + capture java version
How do I disable login of user?
Automatic suspension no longer works after 'systemctl mask sleep.target' + 'systemctl unmask sleep.target'
Linux routing flow
How to delete lines containing string in column n using awk?
journal_async_commit is not compatible with older kernels. What would you see in this case?
Network Team name is not getting set properly with kickstart
High lighting a word in vim/bash
Rsnapshot log entries: "Number of hard links > 1"
How to set bytes of EDID on a i2c device
AWK - How to count stored or index on array
How to fix meta key not always working to trigger start menu on KDE?
Black screen with blinking cursor after trying to boot Kali, Ubuntu, and Lubuntu live
Most efficient way to deploy an OS on multiple of the same machine?
Arch linux and Gnome tap to click does not work
Why uget stops working and exits unexpectedly?
sed error: "\1 not defined in the RE" under OS X
ssh stops working properly Solaris 11
cups printing on network printer with built-in user management
Does POSIX limit the number of directories in the os root?
ctrl-c unsets echo on terminal
HH:MM:SS (with AM/PM) 12 Hour Timestamp for Bash Prompt
How to get second to last parameter of previous command in bash?
pdfimages wont extract all images
What's the gnu-netcat's '-z' equivalent option in nmap-ncat?
Is there a function in shell script equivalent a var_dump(PHP)
Dispatching files to directories using name pattern matching
iptables does not generates log
splitting the gvim editor window horizontally
rsyslog listen ip address
Force date to read Day/Month/Year
Can we specify percentage value for RuntimeMaxUse attribute in journald.conf
How to set which shell does Midnight Commander use?
How does sudo work (besides setuid)?
Install new Linux distribution without overwriting GRUB2
Arch Linux setup Luks encryption
Timestamp not getting updated
How to count occurances of phrase in grep, ignoring case?
Recover overwritten CCTV footage from hard drive
how to see the changes made in a big perl script having the copy of original that is to compare both in a splitted gvim editor simultaneously
How to kill multiple processes
UEFI-support for Debian Live-build
Correctly Installing Wifi Driver With patches from Github
32bit EFI with 64 bit linux OS. Can it be done?
privoxy + ssh forward remote http request to local web server
How do programs output to elsewhere than STDOUT/STDERR? How to avoid it?
What is VC keymap?
Not getting ip when running dhcpcd wlan0 inside startup script
EOF error when using youtube-dl
using IFS variable to ser envirionmental variable with awk
Stop wget reusing existing connection?
using bash script to extract a number
Set Group Environment Path
Environment variables are not passed to sub scripts while running on crontab
Can I extend a partition that is already used as a LVM PV?
How to recursively grep current directory contents, omitting all hidden directories?
Perl CGI, using system() to launch ssh and pass sanitized variables
Debian 9 Stretch firmware-iwlwifi unknown host
How to identify and kill git listening services here?
Mount.nfs is using a serial port
sed regex not working for hidden characters
Disconnect vpn from Linux server
Arch: How can I hide the pointer when I'm using my touch screen?
How do I replace a string with dollar sign in sed?
Rename files with non-utf8 characters using detox
Filter by column value and write to file
Remap Return key in terminal to prevent accidental command on productions servers
initramfs / UUID problems after cloning
How do I add a \n to the end of the record on file using AWK
Equivalent of "which" in sh
How to generate many passwords with kpcli?
Run unix command on awk field
Missing step: debian-installer-launcher
awk print a match only if last record before other match
How can I use a linux shell script to change directories and copy files?
Why does the "-or" flag to GNU find cause my expression to evaluate in an unexpected way?
SSH to a virtual machine
Flow of ipv4 over ipv6 tunnel
How to highlight given string in given place?
Extracted files to /usr, system seems broken now
Gentoo how to auto-start programs at login?
How to open the SSH port 22?
Rebuild linux raid array?
catch kernel panic log
Why does transmission adds a new user to the system?
How to add a column if line contains string?
Highlight current mouse position
How to run specific architecture (32/64) of Python in Centos6 when both are installed?
Why is dd so slow with a bs of 100M
Can't browse Internet in Redhat 7
clipboard not working when connecting via rdesktop to xrdp-sesman
Cannot ssh into a fresh install of CentOS minimal on lan
Output video to overscanning TV with Intel graphics
FTP and WWW services don't acknowledge connections
How to check number of connections
What is the meaning of local[4] in this example
Win7 file sharing VM latency
How to prevent the messages about REMOTE HOST IDENTIFICATION HAS CHANGED
YAD and Zenity - Input Start/Stop Times to Trim Video
What do the %h and %p do in this command?
Linux as a router: Sending ICMPv4 messages "net unreachable" and "host unreachable"
bashrc behaviour differs when opening a session or opening a terminal
Find and rm command not obeying exclude list occassionally
Multiseat with one card and two Xorg instance
AWK, SED or GREP for extracting data from HTML file
regex in `/bin/sh` shell
sed - how to remove all lines that do not match
How can I change the name of one partition called sdaX to sdaY?
Extract one file from multiple zip files
POSIX behavior of sed's ^ and $ regex anchors with multiline pattern spaces
How to downgrade Grub legacy in a Linux image
No colour in MOTD
Package update on debian jessie breaks dependencies
Paste clipboard content without X
Offlineimap unknown SSL protocol error
Using an alias when using NFS shares
printing in awk
Join pattern line and consecutive non-empty lines, separated by commas and enclosed in ()
How to use network interface as non-root user on Android?
additional LUKS partition does not mount on boot
What does cache=yes mean in apt: update_cache=yes in Ansible?
Change colour of Okular task-bar-icon in desktop-panel for specific document?
How to debug my script?
Creating text files in every sub-directory
Why not use pathless shebangs?
Installing a platform driver
What is GNU Info for?
How to remove any string from a file via shell scripts?
How to setup transparent firewall using ArchLinux
Setting up an ad-hoc network on boot
Unable to convince Thunderbird to open links in anything but Firefox on ArchLinux
USB ports not working
How to disable ICMP timestamp on AIX - not using firewall
Mounting HPFS partition read/write?
"Tigon" ethernet firmware: error message though working
Recursive Grep with filename pattern specified
Uncompress and unarchive the .tar.gz file using cat, tar and gzip on one command line
Apache Multiple Domains and Multiple SSL to same IP and folder
Is it safe for a program to add its bin directory to PATH?
script to create new shell and excute new commands in a new shell, not in old shell
Forget where link is to custom conf file?
Apt-get dist-upgrade fails
How to make an application run automatically?
Specific string hangs [, [[
add audio from playing file to microphone stream
Bash script installing within multiple directories
Why does exec file generate 4 processes in Linux?
Installing video driver on Arch Linux
Where can I find the user documentation for my old Freenas 0.7?
Running a bash script within a bash script
Auto continuous scrolling of man output
Why does my server not shutdown properly?
Get values in an XML File - Requirement : It must be done in bash/Unix
Perl only one option at a time
apt-get: install modified package with dependencies
any feature on linux like Perfermance Counter on Windows servers?
Preventing duplicate entried in PATH (.cshrc)
Creating a terminal device for interprocess communication
How can a non-root user check if a FS has been exported to a server?
HPUX: changing LVM paths or disk device names
Lock Parted Magic?
How to change title bar name color in KDE4 on Debian7?
apt-get dist-upgrade wants to remove too much packages
What is "Ext'd (LBA)" in fdisk output?
Moving /etc to separate partition
List of partition labels vs devices using dbus/udisks in bash
How do I convert FLAC files to AAC (preferrably VBR 320k+)?
How I can emulate a big endian platform on a x86?
Is it possible to restrict certain commands from being run in a directory?
Why don't the following commands work to limit traffic to port 21 using tc?
Vim global search in a project
Specifying a dependency of a version greater than N and less than M
Transfer a TCP connection from one Linux box to another behind NAT?
32-bit, 64-bit CPU op-mode on Linux
gunicorn: logfile directory owner being reset on reboot?
Clean install of Debian 8.3 missing PermitRootLogin in ssh_config (can't ssh root login)
wget: Follow custom URL attributes
grep -E with parameter doesn't work
man: hide help message
What happens to a process handle when the process has stopped?
How to install latest version of Tiled Editor on Linux Mint?
Problem mounting CIFS VFS via fstab at boot
On Gentoo, ZFS stops working after 0.6.5 update
Disable and Enable modules in apache CentOS7
converting plain text information to csv or excel
Linker error about -laudio
change permissions
How do I grep the lines based on '.' (dot)?
sort each column(field) in a file separately
How does Grub Stage1, exactly, access/load stage 2?
cannot "grep abc *" in "/lib/systemd/system" on Debian 8 Jessie
How do I check if an IP-address or a network is contained in other network in Bash?
Different languages/keyboard layouts for different users - Debian
I can't change user's passwd on ubuntu
Dynamic logic in systemd service file
Delete subdirectory folder while saving contents
chmod – execute permission for non-admins?
run command with sudo su in script and redirect stdin and stdout
Wipe a Solaris Disk
Continuum Anaconda Fedora 22 path
How do I run a batch file at a specific time?
Which Kickstart commands and options cannot be %included?
Using reverse SSH tunneling in one step instead of two steps (with -X)
Hostapd captive portal detection on Android
making an array of all subdirectories via the output of a command
Looking for something like the gnome2 weather clock for KDE
How to install PyX correctly for Scappy use?
Memory usage of a given process (using Linux proc filesystem)
use custom intltool installed in home directory?
How do I SSH into my microcomputer running arch linux?
systemd support for toggling mutually exclusive services?
How to add a new text after every matched string using shell command?
When I press tab for autocomplete in bash I get: "Cannot parse arguments: unknown option -r"
Is it possible to add a password to moving or copying specific files on Linux?
How to verify if my graphics card is well installed on Linux?
Arch NetworkManager slowing down boot
Smartctl utility giving uncorrectable and unreadable sectors error on HDD
PDF fails printing, but .ps file works
Specification of efi-directory and device in grub-install
macOS as host for LFS - good idea or not?
Formatting data as table with AWK print
USB Boot Client for PXE
How to save cookies when the app write to document.cookie?
NGINX location directive - Not serving gzip pre-compressed files
Should programs remove temporary files in /tmp?
Large memory allocations cause kernel to swap even though more than enough memory is free
Where do I install the Linux bootloader with this setup?
systemd timer: enable service for specific time ranges only
How to mkdir or cp from Bash Script with Mixed Variable/String Literal Arguments?
In loop, express $i inside of $
xkb: How to map keypad arrows to <Ctrl>+<Alt>+[keyboard arrow]?
adding a partition to a device in use
/etc/pam.d/ rules for ssh and login
getopt - how to avoid read next flag as argument?
Ubuntu Server 18 LVM storage partition not going to mount
CMake Error: The source directory does not appear to contain CMakeLists.txt
Unused structure elements in regmatch_t array are not -1
Microphone loopback on Linux
Centos, add existing raid0 without lossing data
Linux System Desktop Completely Frozen
List all files present in backup2.tar.bz2 but not present in backup1.tar.bz2
I need to install a secure package from git globally
Execute Command from docker on host
algorithmic time
How is MESSAGE_ID set in journalctl?
Salt-master install CentOS 7 -- can't find packages
dual boot problem linux, windows 10
Where to find material about advance embedded linux file system
Problem Adding PATH to ~/.zshrc
Does it leave configuration files if I do install when I get the message The following packages have been kept back:
Expect script embedded in shell: how to specify value defined in remote shell?
Does Fedora 31 ship with Nvidia drivers?
Resize sda1 while preserving sda2
Forwarding device file traffic over ssh to another pc
tp-link device not listed on nmcli
Cross compile Python 2.7.16 for armel (32-bit)
Replace numbers in one file with names from another file
Immediate effect of writing to /dev/random
xubuntu - lag when opening top-left menu
Solaris os, number of currently open files by the system (without super user privilege)
Where can I find the source code of libgio?
git and remote security with Encfs
Why does `htop` show more process than `ps`
I am failing to delete a partition on a USB drive/stick
Make a symbolic link to a relative pathname
Getting text from last marker to EOF in POSIX.2
Unable to git clone over ssh
How do I encrypt git on my server?
Unix install best practices, append to path or link through
How to keep the content of the BuildRoot?
Shell console clearing
GPG check regarding packages on various distributions
Copying a non-EFI/GPT installation to a EFI/GPT installation
How do I reverse the bash history list?
How can I configure less to recognize Ctrl-Left, Ctrl-Right
How to Check if Dependencies are Met Between RPM Packages?
Is it the terminal or the shell that is responsible for actions of keystrokes?
From 192.168.0.146 icmp_seq=1 Destination Host Unreachable
SNAT to unroutable interface
Struggling with setting an independent path inside a script to call another script
echo variable name in for loop
Cannot install plotutils package
Prevent a script exhausing system resources and crashing entire system
Move Chrome Window Buttons to Left
How to download and install chrome browser with specific version in terminal?
Why is vim re-inserting my previous insert when I try to save?
no-mtab option not working for mount
OpenSSL OCSP Responder don't start anymore
I want echo the value in a1,a2,a3. But my code is printing only a1,a2 and a3 not the value stored inside them
Formatted shell script output
How can get the list of all Saturdays in a given date range ex: 20170101 to 20170630 in YYYYMMDD format in linux?
Creating a *.local ssl certificate
'git show' does not pipe control characters for color
Partition for embedded linux before flashing the SD card
GPG keyserver that can directly import-export keys using hkp
How to keep clock accurate with limited Internet access
Mailx replace from: address with name
Can't boot to arch linux after installation (dual-boot with Windows 10)
How can I separate information into fields in both input and output?
Generating .XLS file as an output file of sqlplus query and sending that .XLS file as an attachment in email
Remove partition and enlarge partition
Pulse Audio Virtual Sinks Changing on Alsa Underrun
zsh PATH variable not properly set from another environment variable
Linux - Understanding an stdin/stdout command "<"
Capturing return code with test []
sudo for rdist on AIX 6.1
Why this sed command fails to capture the pattern?
Why only one side of NR work?
Tar ignores --directory option
Getting a true open-source only OS running on a phone? Android?
Shell: send foreground process to background without suspending it?
The alias does not work ?
A utility to append content into a file, if this content isn't already in the file (even in part)
No bootable device error after restoring debian image to annother ssd disk
How can I use the contents of a file, and each line of another file as arguments in a bash script, for a command line tool?
Why Firefox 60.0.2 (64bit) is much faster when I turn off IPv6 inside of it?
ftp move files every night
Shorten if statement check for matching argument
Add compound command to if statement
support for utf-8 encoding with lpr
systemctl to start cron-like job
How many volume groups can be created in physical volume?
What is the system-level effect of file permissions?
Question regarding linux installation (Kali Linux (Debian Based)
Django can not connect to MySQL database over ubuntu 10.04
Manual Duplex printing
Mirror a single X application on a dual-monitor setup with Openbox
ssh to different server based on user?
How is whonix blocking UDP traffic (except udp-dns related traffic)?
Running Python script over multiple directories and multiple files
How to automatically turn on hotspot?
fetchmail doesn't get mail from provider
Can I install ALL required rpm to run wine without root permission?
trying to reproduce "Unknown test operator" on HP-UX
Downloading images from csv file to a folder based on its id
Understanding UNIX permissions and file types
How to run a shell script inside a shell script
rsnapshot taking a long time to backup, are the scripts correct?
Integrating GNU/Linux Debian on a Android device : can't create init file because there is already a folder with the same name
How do I find number of vertical lines available in the terminal?
Is there a valid way of exporting a variable across different shells?
what's the name of ubuntu package contains llvm linker lld
Check in ksh if a directory is empty
how to print the closest column when looking for a specific strings
Centos, how to install "topicmodels" package on R?
Splitting a PDF file with Ghostscript results in one extra blank page
Can a command be executed over ssh with a nologin user?
VSFTPD cutted uploads
Redirect traffic to another machine
How to use variables properly in this little script?
Can't edit Software Sources in Software Manager
The equivalent of cmd "for" in bash?
HD clone using LZ4 and DD fails
Network manager disappeared
Command ">" failing in Embedded Linux only
How to insert bash variables in awk?
Unix how to loop through directories, send output to another directory with base name of input file
kernel: nf_conntrack: table full, dropping packet; Underlying Reason
what tools to investigate failure to suspend on laptop lid close?
Syntax error: word unexpected (expecting ")") when running remotely but no problem running locally
Is it possible to make ls ignore Windows hidden files?
Can't log in to Kali Linux and cant reinstall anything
Debian - X11 not displaying until switching VTs
Mobile broadband repeatedly connects/disconnects
How to use sed to replace keys in a file using a regex?
Cannot format a corrupted 32Gb SD card
making containers use a different set a block devices
How to subtract lines, in reverse, only if greater than previous line
system rescue cd failure reading sector from cd0
n-factor SSH authentication for CentOS 7
SSH client not trying my keys in ssh-agent
Is apparmor preventing the running of my application?
Wireless connected but no connection
How to differentiate 2 NICs with the same PCI address
Netcat not working as expected when executed remotely in a non interactive shell
Using curl as a test
Can't find folder after mv command
Can grep | crontab destroy all jobs?
Cannot Launch to gnome GUI on Kali Sana after dist-upgrade
Using two memory controllers with SPARSE_MEM on AT91SAM9G45
How to pass an environment variable when change rooting?
MediaTek MT7610U (RT2860) driver won't compile
Encryption Using Xubuntu with a Keyfile and Password
How to Cross Compile elfutils
Find lines in (multiple) files that contain the given line in an input file
LInux Mint not recognizing/mounting 160 GB HDD
Linux Performance Measurements using /proc/vmstat
How to segregate data from long sized csv file in linux terminal?
OpenWrt UEFI boot extremely slow?
mount.cfs asks for password when passing argument -o guests
Get filenames and write them on place of previous namespace
Why is SSH, Active: inactive (dead)?
Search recursively each row on a file to another file and print the output to new file
Debian Stretch LVM new partiton or volume **Now ssl keys fragged** gui won't load
Find path to Shared folder on Ubuntu on VMware Fusion running windows 10
Manjaro-> Widgets freeze while playing CS:GO in Windowed Fullscreen
why does these partition gaps occur?
2 version of Debian on external update server
can not use mount.cifs: mount error(2): No such file or directory w/o password
Firewall Blocking NATed Traffic Suddenly after adding a NIC
Include index info in pdf man pages
GRUB still seeing Ubuntu after formatting in Kali installation. How to proper configure boot?
Extract Kernel from Running System
Continuously detect a change of chksum of files under folder with inotify-tools
I am not able to update a variable through sed command
How correct update rpm if preremove.sh scipt run after postinstall.sh?
How to troubleshoot system halt on repeated launch of Sushi in Debian?
Script handling systemd service's return code
backup original in scp
find Command along with grep and mv
Can a linux distro be installed on a wireless dongle?
sed remove spaces (multiple encoding) from end of line
SSH session and ClientAlive problem
How does a CPU know there is IO pending?
SSHPASS rsync scp -r copying few files worked later not working
How can I create an arithmetic loop in a POSIX shell script?
How to get H.264 codec on Endless OS for free?
Sed for gzip files
Euro sign fails to print with toilet
tar directory to send only modified blocks of files
Why are spaces not allowed in some bash commands, like 'alias'?
Awk command for merging files
linux + ssh is hung on SSH2_MSG_KEXINIT sent
pass protocols to command from file
Ubuntu 16.04 LTS Freerdp smartcard problem
How are core ids determined?
How to get rid of "nano not found" warnings, without installing nano?
Where to find remote user account configuration (yppasswd)
Increasing open files limit for all processes: Do I need to set Soft/Hard limits?
No bootmanager splash screen and can't get into BIOS
Using ack to effectively search and RStudio project directory
Check if variable equals open parenthesis
How to extract current revision from SVN (subversion) repo directory+files
Check which display an application is using
SIGINT is not cleaned up in "${FUNCNAME[@]}"
enabling ECMP in linux
Output in variable shouldn't be interpreted as command
How to decrypt a file from an encrypted tar archive without decrypting the entire archive
How to setup a docker container to run on boot in CentOS 6.7
How can I capture screen output to a named file on a command by command bases?
How to delete files in directory
Load terminal configuration with my titles
Starting additional OpenVPN connection under systemd
How to use a special character as a normal one?
How to compile efivar 0.24?
How to remount a Systemd mount unit with different options?
What's the correct job time limit specification for jobs to LSF
How to call script which is having menus, from another script
Appending a string to a file from remote ssh
dd and cat both reporting no space left on device
Transforming short repeated words in columns into numbers
Clean up conflicting postgresql installations
How to tell vim to NOT REREAD FILE when I switch back to it
Why were STREAMS marked obsolescent in POSIX.1-2008?
How to prevent access to HDD during Live-CD operation?
Save return value from a function in one of its own parameters
Recovering data from a damaged hard-drive: the "freezer trick"
What is not accessible from userspace?
Is there a keyboard shortcut for the GNOME Panel taskbar in Fedora 30?
SED or AWK to remove everything before the first dash and after the last
Bash Script general questions
Output reads " 13test.sh: line 5: [: missing `]' " but adding brackets then directs the error to a nested if statement
Can the output of find with the -printf flag be colorized?
Running .bsh error (ZereneStacker)
Print numbers from table
How to grep for a pattern followed by a number and print to file if number than x,
Accessing Jupyter server behind firewall, how to setup the tunneling through VPS?
If both Chromium and ffmpeg run in Linux, which gets the GPU?
Cycle over windows of the same application with keyboard shortcut - GNOME 3
Write stdout to a temp file using command line
How to extract function comment using sed?
What is the meaning of "<&3" and "done < file11 3< file22"
To subtract a text from the last value
Is there a way to create a symlink to a non-existent target?
ssh installed but I get the error: Failed to start ssh.service: Unit ssh.service not found
Changing permissions on an NFS mount + sharing directories with a guest VM
Externaly limiting number of CPU cores used
What is the common name for directories . (dot) and .. (dot dot)?
where to (apt-get) install aliases system-wide?
fopen: $JOHN/dynamic.conf: No such file or directory
Checking the Speed of Active Network Connections
shell script options pass through to sub-command
Can I stop Linux from listening to a USB input device as a keyboard, but still capture events with a program?
Mail ID creation
Get Install File for Already Installed RPM
service command: Failed to issue method call
Setting up tty ports on Beaglebone Black with Angstrom linux
How do I kill 'repo sync' using crontab given it spawns many processes?
Prompt for password during boot with systemd service
Find the location of /gnu
What are the right settings for Ubuntu Touch under qemu?
Relationship between cc1 and gcc?
Playing around with shortcuts and window sizes with awesome WM
Run mysqld_safe in background
NFS server dropped connection momentarily, now df, ls, and umount all hang
How to use git for this particular purpose?
Where does Chrome gets its list of certificate authorities from?
How to get the current terminal name?
Convert PDF from sRGB color space to CMYK
Show "last login" information when "su"
CentOS 5.8 with gcc 4.4.7 links against libstdc++ 6.0.8. How is it possible?
Using Shell Commands to Manipulate File Paths for Use as Arguments to Another Program
Errors building XScreensaver for X11 (and dependencies) on Mac
Test if a file is on NFS?
Automatic Update Script using Cron, Exit Codes, and Logging
Defragment a USB flash drive on Mac OS X
Replace every odd or even occurrence of a pattern in a file
How to rip a scratched DVD-Video? (a "cdparanoia for DVDs")
Bring up all terminal windows to front of screen?
Modify .inputrc to fix Mac Terminal bug with vi mode
awk delete duplicate
Script in /etc/cron.hourly/ never running
How can I extract a function from bash/zsh with all its shell-related dependencies?
Sed Replace a pattern between a pattern and the end of file
Export ArangoDB values to bash script
Linux switches to mysterious Kernel Buffer view everytime a new dmesg arrives
Sort not sorting lines with a pipe '|' in it correctly
<<EOF specify a variable
CERTIFICATE_VERIFY_FAILED when connecting to GMail with offlineimap
changing attributes of Windows programs from Linux
Sort through numbers
dropbox service fails or succedes depending on time spent at the login screen
Is parsing scripts at script-runtime ubiquitous to shells or present in other interpreters and how does that work?
Meaning of the values for ulimit memlock flag
How to import bash history with correct time&date from a history output?
Is there a way to setup a computer to talk to two different devices on different subnets which are physically connected?
how to find lastlog details in solaris
How to make grep ignore lines without trailing newline character
replace files in the command line with specific string
How to get the GRUB menu back on Debian
Unable to ssh tunnel while connected to VPN
rename (reverse) unix directories with people's last and first name separated by commas
rsync 3.1.0 is creating empty backup directories
Does fetchmail support SSL or TLS when using SMTP to forward email?
Setting fbcon to use a specfic frame buffer device
How does the colon sign and dollar question mark combine in sh?
4G hostless modem Quanta 1k6e and rndis_host problem
Linux mint 17 cinnamon freezes after installing nvidia drivers?
nc not waiting for server disconnect on OS X
How to use private-key to setup password-less ssh on new machine
Using $ in a password
How parse a log file for a string, and when found search backwards for another string
Visitors cannot reach my local Apache server
What is the default idle timeout for OpenSSH?
rolling snapshot of pictures taken in the last half hour
When using less with -S option, it moves text on top when I press right key
change icon sizes in Gtk+ 3 applications
kill xterm process in a bash
H.264 support in Firefox (Iceweasel) 24
Proper way to handle FTP over SSL with restrictive firewall rules?
How does Solaris find man pages?
Move to next flagged message in Mutt
Edit a command?
Delay when iptables icmp rules take effect
Quote escaping struggle with grep and sed
netcat to capture ethernet
FreeBSD setup RTL8187SE wireless NIC
Change icons of application in Linux Mint
What does "execute" permission mean on a folder?
APEI Generic Hardware Error
Identifier must be declared
How do I add a screenshot for my package?
How can two files in one of my folders have the same name?
Allow AD Groups to SUDO
How Does X build its modelist?
Ctrl-w closes my Chrome window
Regarding identical copies of gedit files
How should I restore /var/cache?
Editing /etc/init.d/mysql to remove mysql.sock automatically
Backspace deletes Bash prompt
"[Errno 256] No more mirrors to try."
Restrict `expect` to stdin/stdout interaction only
xdg-open backend
trouble with Else statment in Bash
Install ffmpeg on Netgear NAS running custom Debian Squeeze
Compilation error when building gnu-screen package for Freescale P2020 Board
Unable to run yum command on Redhat 7
Bash script in Linux
Some files on samba share not showing up on FreeBSD client
How to view the size of the binary files using linux command?
Can thread ID be 0?
Corrupted usb key cannot be mounted or formatted
ulimit vs /etc/security/limits.conf
Convert Date format in unix
grep only for lines of process that caused the error
How to SSH in a server when getting: access denied
Vim: Convert backticks to $() notation in shell script
how to replace a character in a set of file names?
how does CentOS load bash_alias file?
Simple shell script to send socket message
how to install alpine on CentOS with Yum?
command to download & agree licensed software
Viewing man pages in vim
On Solaris I get good id mapping..on linux not,why?
dollar sign inside eval string in bash
How do I cd and then ls in my cshrc
vncserver dies immediately upon start
How to create an encrypted partition and how does Linux then decrypt it
I want to find if a word exists in a file
How many page table the linux kernel maintains?
A strange process called "watchbog" is hogging my entire CPU and I can't get rid of it
How to run a fresh version of AIX in a Virtual Machine with a Linux host?
Is there an equivalent to whitespace-mode in emacs for vim?
How many bits is the access flags of a file?
How to find power draw in watts?
Output from ls has newlines but displays on a single line. Why?
find arcana: can't get pipe to work in -exec line
Simple way to create a tunnel from one local port to another?
Copy from linux to windows every minute
Compare the contents of dynamically generated archives
How do I get an HP Deskjet F4210 to work?
Can I create a user-specific hosts file to complement /etc/hosts?
Really strange FAT32 file listing problem
Send duplicate packets over two Internet connections
Logging in using voice commands with GDM
Creating an empty file having a variable name in a script
Arch Linux: pacman cannot be upgraded because pacman version is too high?
Is it possible to "roll" a symlink to a new file without affecting any open file handles?
Lock screen w/ slock after a certain time?
Share unchanging data from a central repository on a network
How do I start Xvfb on startup on Debian?
What does this iptables command do?
What could cause network latency on a fresh Ubuntu Server 10.10 install?
How to disable trackpad taps in Yellow Dog Linux?
How can I loop through lines of a file and find files matching each line?
Switch from grep to sed
Listing all my files modified more than X days ago, in long format
minimal graphic requirements linux distribution
Execute command when file changes
How to detect memory type under Linux?
sed: insert something before subsequent lines that begin the same, but are not the same
'redirect' ssh path?
How do i execute a remote script with 'screens'?
How to setup recent stable SELinux policies in Debian 8.7?
Consolidate repeated prefix
5.1 output not working on Lubuntu
Why does a kernel thread have a PID?
awk: print lines after match to end of file
Easy way to create a meaningless, cheap, long-running process?
How to Change Text in Shared Libraries (*.so files) in Linux
Disable cron emails unless there are errors?
Continue a download if timestamp has not changed
How to print only alphanumeric line from my file?
Generate car licence plates
CentOS 7 on VMware workstation 12 not connecting to connected internet?
U-Boot hangs at [random: nonblocking pool is initialized]
Install KSH on RHEL 6.5
How to check whether a given path is a file or directory
macro for mutt to mark the whole folder as read
Bash suggestions on command?
Regexp for 2 date formats SED
Netstat showing a strange process named "public"
Arch Linux won't boot in MacBook Air in UEFI mode
What is the disk size limit for mdadm?
Only keep one instance of recurring tasks
Write access denied when mounting folder from qemu guest
What is the fastest command to trim the header of a csv file?
Resolving systemd dependency on Amazon Linux to permit RabbitMQ install
Why the following error appears when using rm -rf * in my current location?
Copy file to clipboard from console
Timer - without alarm and wakeup support?
Adding only existing words in a file from a another file and removing the rest (unix)?
debian - screen orientation on tilt
Force which module must load when a pripheral is connected
NginX client cert authentication fails with "unable to get issuer certificate"
Can't boot arch in EFI mode, rEFInd stuck in installation
Kill the parent of a child pipe process
RHEL6.8 service command not working
How can I automatically restart a tmux (Byobu) pane when its task ends?
Conditional arguments
Pulseaudio does not register HFP profile in SDP server
BTRFS balance completed, but still shows data stored in "single" mode
KVM network packet loss to guest
rsnapshot default root directory seems wrong
Why I need a framebuffer size larger then monitor size when transform destination area is smaller
Extracting two values from the output of a command
Is it possible to save Linux virtual console content and scrollback in a file?
Comparing binary files until EOF
How to set the Default gateway
How to delete huge files from linux
Automate workflow in shell
How to disable swap file after install or during Kubuntu install?
mp3 extraction with avconv or ffmpeg doesn't work properly anymore
Kubuntu - GUI context menu sudo/root
Can Yum express a preference for x86_64 over i386 packages?
Automatically dim the backlight of a secondary monitor on MAC
How to make vim apply /var/log/messages syntax highlighting to any file called "messages" or "messages-*"?
Xorg with Intel G41 videocard
window minimize
Linux: How to find the device driver used for a device?
Disable KDE 4.7 system sounds
Duplicate selected words with sed and replace it
KDE windows maximize automatically?
What does dash "-" at the end of a command mean?
Cannot scroll terminal in Fedora CLI
VPS not replying on ftp port 21 using pure-ftpd
Effect of entries in /etc/securetty
Disabling email for an account
Why is a service being started if it isn't mentioned in /etc/init.d?
Parsing a text-file table and aggregating information
How do systemd and chkconfig interact with respect to services and runlevels?
How to remember the difference between du and df?
remove only specific text occurrences from string using sed
Cronjob to run every 30 minutes
Linux Mint Live Not Saving Data
How can I mount partitions in a full disk image (i.e. image with partition table) with fuse?
Installing openSUSE 12.1 on an Asus ZenBook UX32VD
Auto-completion of words from the terminal buffer
How can I chroot into a filesystem with a different architechture?
Bumblebee (Optimus) Service Won't Start w/ 3.4 Kernel on Fedora 16
Alternative to xmllint to check xml validity
Setting up SMTP-AUTH & TLS in Postfix
Zip file using tar on linux server
Can I use an SSH key generated on Linux from Putty?
How do I localize man pages for chinese?
How can I get awk to print both matches and non-matches?
How to numerical sort by last column?
How to use `which` on an aliased command?
What does %F mean and how can I stop it meaning it?
good unix troubleshooting book
FreeBSD: Opening X applications after su to root?
How to block HTTPS site using RHEL Squid?
Viewing a screencast encoded with camtasia
SSH slow at starting session
"internet connection checker one-liner"
GRML will not boot automatically
Firefox and Thunderbird cannot resolve host names - anything else can
Why is du giving me unexpected output?
intel wireless 1000 bgn not working in debian/ubuntu
Where can I find which packages are on each Debian Squeeze CD?
`command` vs `type` - Locate program file in user's PATH
How do I stop KDE from changing my screen resolution?
How can I make iptables service start automatically after reboot on CenOS/RHEL7?
persistent network interface naming and kvm
bash: iptables: command not found
Cannot ping machine on eth0; Pings fine on wlan0; Centos 6.5 on Dell D610
Custom shortcut to i3lock screen
Make OpenGL GLX work with Steam client on Debian jessie
What is the usage of $& in bash?
What are some ways to update symlinks when the dir they point to are changed?
Domain name resolution tool not specific to DNS
Is there any media player that can browse Shoutcast streams?
linux boot manager has been blocked [SOLVED]
crontab error with (No MTA installed) but I use >/dev/null 2>&1
installing synaptic package manager from outside the repos
How do I compile the linux kernel version 3.16.1 to run in Slackware 14.1?
Multiple daemons init script
sed whitespace matching confusion
iptables routing
Keyboard shortcut to toggle between left- and right handed mouse in Cinnamon?
Easy voice talk between 2 computers in 2 countries?
How to copy to a formatted image without root privileges?
confusing behavior of emacs-style keybindings in bash
Use a shell not installed on remote machine
Linux overheats on Macbook Pro 12,1 (Early 2015), but not on Asus laptop
Raise 128KiB limit on environment variables in Linux
what media browser/player supports bookmarks in a playlist that loops
Problem with a simple script
How do I give a user shell access that requires a key
How do I change the input of a script to be the first argument on the CLI?
How to increase size of root?
MATE disable both mouse clicks to act as middle mouse
Bad kernel, how to fix?
Drive usage issue / Linux
What is the sense behind ZFS's limits?
Can't unmute ubuntu 16.04
Selinux on Fedora 25 is not letting me connect to a pptp vpn
Nested While loop does not work as expected
What kind of .muttrc works on Red Hat 5.11?
First two fields to be separated by _ and rest of the fields as they are
autofs core dumps after configuring /etc/autofs/autofs_ldap_auth.conf
How to resize LVM disk in Debian 8.6 without losing data
How to avoid a program taking over the file manager when opening a folder in that program from context menu
When to use standard error stream in command-line application?
postfix & cyrus-SASL SASLDB2 0: NO "authentication failed"
Forward Auditd logs to one servers and analyze using aureport
Systemd - set service disabled by default
How to point to network interface from other inteface configuration in /etc/network/interface
Need to extract 2 strings from specific lines of multiple files and print to new file, separated by tab
How to move recursive files from one directory to another and same name files rename the older one appending its modification time
How can I get sound working on my Powerbook G4 15" running Debian 8.6?
Missing /sys/kernel/debug/vgaswitcheroo
libcrypto.so.1.0.0: no version information available (required by /opt/Android/Sdk/cmake/3.6.3155560/bin/cmake)
Does `mv --context` (for selinux, a.k.a. -Z) correctly apply labels recursively to directory contents?
Force screen resolution in Lubuntu
For how long does a 'string' remain in clipboard/copy buffer and can it be manipulated?
Activate tap to click on touchpad?
Having $line arguments passed to rsync when using --protect-args option
Lock to launcher/Pin to taskbar in Debian Wheezy/Gnome (was possible in Squeeze)
simple hostname resolution on LAN
Unable to delete a directory even as root
How to find the kernel panic log on debian
Is there a way for a device mapper target to limit the rate at which i/o is sent to it?
Why does a 'sudo -i' login shell break a here-doc command string argument?
Lubuntu 17.10 login screen has a white font clock
What is the difference between Kali Linux and Debian with the same software installed?
TCP stack tuning
2 Linux Bootloaders but only 1 linux OS is installed, Something weird happened
send from variable in #!/usr/bin/expect -f
-eq: unary operator expected
ISC-dhcp-server cannot detect ip address conflict
is piped ls the same as ls -1?
Want to allocate space to centos-root folder
Cannot log back into desktop environment after running "setxkbmap il" and logging out
Extracting part of line with using awk or sed
Differences between command line and scheduled execution with `at` causing unresponsive Chrome
How to boot into Fedora 27 on a Lenovo Yoga 310?
How do I seperate this data using awk?
Less than 1000 possible connections although I updated sysctl
How to calculate the "Inode blocks per group" on ext2 file system?
Change the Python3 default version in Ubuntu
Environment variables are not passed to scripts that are run later in the existing shell while running on crontab
BlackArch failed to boot after updating systemd
Getting unexpected interfaces in CentOS 7
Counting only differenced disk usage
Submitting "ps" across multiple servers, output going to one text file
FTP, download files by wildcard search criteria
Installing FreeBSD on a VPS using KVM
Repair uEnv.txt from U-Boot terminal?
Using 'sync' when wiping a device with /dev/urandom
(Bash) Editing contents of array from within function
Spontaneous turning off after reboot from Windows
Shutdown my (backup) hard disk on Linux when I don't use it
Which directory MUST exist in / to qualify an OS as Linux
Is there a reason why ls does not have a --zero or -0 option
Geeqie: keyboard shortcut for "up folder"
How can I "grep" patterns across multiple lines?
Extract configuraiton files from raspbian image
Which USB slot is 2.0 or 3.0? How do I know?
Ubuntu Kernel Compilation?
How to make sudo use root password for some commands and user password for others
How can I install more recent versions of software than what Debian provides?
Grep from the end of a file to the beginning
Allow FTP User to modify contents of folder owned by Oracle
how to disable password complexity check for centos 8
Group member can't write to directory unless added via setfacl -- why?
how to only return strings that end in ".php" using awk
Copy data from one partition to previous partition
Is it possible to install a Linux distribution on a VM remotely?
ata2: COMRESET FAILED (errno=-16) with new SSD
Transform Timestamp inside of the text file
background colors in terminal emulators
How to change and list a file containing lines with the following format : XXX-XXX-XXX-XXX-XXX
chmod not working in minGW64 but working Cygwin?
pure-ftpd: (?@?) [ERROR] Unknown authentication method: pam
How to fine tune Linux cache/swap ratio?
configuring SSH on a Linux virtual box appliance
ElementaryOS on Acer Spin 5 sp513 frozen locked screen
Debian: set a command to be "always up" (and restart when updated)
Bash-How to move and rename a file in the order of oldest to newest
problem enabling repos in RHEL 7
What license does ~/.profile fall under?
Filter a file, multiply a value in the lines that contain certain string, return all lines
Change date format with sed or awk in file
Is there a tool for generating historical process oriented resource usage statistics like top output?
scp a file to multiple folders
How to setup a background ssh tunnel which could automatically quit with terminal/session?
What prevents distributions from using the latest Linux kernel?
Backbox(Ubuntu 14.04) takes too long to boot
Install packages in parallel
MPlayer cannot fullscreen in Debian Jessie (Radeon R7 M265)
How do I change from gnome to i3 Debian 8
Symlink to same directory
Mutt : render html within mutt
ffmpeg - generate video with more then 2 images and 2 audio
How can I upload my .cpp file online while logged into schools Linux server through SSH?
How can I output month name in a given timezone
Append (alter) each array element via parameter expansion (i.e. without printf)?
Setting up LIRC in Debian 8
DNS on SUNOS 4.1.4 / Solaris
Where in Ubuntu SPI pins are configured?
Difference between "cat" and "cat <"
A password is not necessary to enter my /home directory but after logging out password is necessary
Change Permissions for a Specific User
x server radeon with multiple screens
GUI gone after apt-get upgrade on clean install, Ubuntu Wily-
How to create remote repository, and update it via apt-get?
ssh cannot open remote window, Segmentation fault (core dumped)
create raid1 from existing lvm local volume
Retrieving lines from a file depending on other lines
Why does libarchive's bsdtar's unzip throw away the permission bits when reading a ZIP-archive from stdin, but not directly?
bash: Boolean math and unary '!'
Ubuntu 18.04 is freezing randomly
color of echo with commands
Unix - replace filenames with unique prefixes in a directory with specific unique prefixes from a file in the same directory
Process is stuck with more virtual memory than physical memory available
how to find the higher java version on linux machine with bash or shell script
find commands too old for history
What is wrong with my terminal? Backspace won't delete everything on the terminal line
Shell-Script Bash
search through all *.py files
How to measure the usage of disk cache?
How to properly configure multiple accounts in mutt
How do I manually reorder program tabs on the bottom panel taskbar of Centos 7?
convert tab delimited data to , delimited records with double quoted fields " "
debian unstable and apt upgrade policies with installed experimental packages
Using the shell, how to determine percentage of torrent file downloaded?
How to migrate VPS from an openQRM server with version 5.1 to another openQRM server with version 5.1 through GUI?
Grep to check filesystem mount and test to check for file path is providing incorrect information
Grep and remove lines with a blank field value
How to disable remote emergency events flooding the consoles on an rsyslog reciever?
How to enable auto-detection of heaphone jack when plugged with Alsa/Pulseaudio?
bash prompt messed up
Makefile cppUtest output reformat
Can't set correct display resolution
What does kill -- -0 do?
linux process group example
Use Spacewalk externally
What is the correct command to install downloaded Ethernet missing firmware saved to USB stick drive?
Unable to type diaeresis using keyboard
The easiest way to clear scrollback buffer of terminal + some deeper explanation?
splitting a line into array in bash with tab as delimiter
Copying files and folders to /var/www/html - inherit permissions of ./html
OSX brew failing to update.
Single-user mode output to console (tty1) AND serial (ttyS0)
how to cause ssh delay between two Linux machines
Errors uploading files using an ftp client written in C using sockets
Installing Cuda 10.0 for tensorflow-gpu
RHEL-7.4 Linux rpm file Installation error
Linux command to decompress the files in directories and add them back to one archive
Command runs okay but not from bash script
Range of dates with minutes
How to use SED or AWK instead of GREP as it is taking lot of time in shell script
HPE MSA-2050, FC extremely slow read/write
Deleting (some) comments from a C program
Complex regex sed replacement not working but not throwing errors
Is there a kind of '/dev/null' to fake output file path?
Restart systemd service if no log produced in timeout
resolv.conf with DHCP and local DNS server
Terminator layout with command that survives sigkill?
sed: -e expression #1, char 35: unterminated `s' command
add a line to file that contains quotes and variable using bash
Shell script for telnet for multiple servers from text file
Automatically java run if it stopped
How to import multiple OpenVPN files to network manager?
Debian Updates need to find what has installed
Can I Increase raid 1 capacity by changing to raid 5?
Bash Named Pipe - Atomic Reading
Capture console output from existing process(es) to file
dmesg: pci BAR 7: can't assign io
Grub with retina displays (high resolution)
How to send an email using UPSTART if my executable gets restarted?
Is it possible to remove vi?
name of binary vs. name in GUI
Debian Linux: Start/run application/process in another virtual terminal
How to send an email using mailx so that From and To appear correctly in the email?
e2fsck block bitmaps
On Ctrl+C, kill the current command but continue executing the script
exec redirects in bash
Prevent empty rsync email on cron
Can tr commands be chained to avoid multiple tr processes in a pipeline?
What is the Difference between Regex `[]*` and `[]+`?
Filter csv file based on extended column values
Where are yum groups defined?
scp between 2 remote hosts using key auth
How can I configure the default transmission rate for 802.11 ("WiFi") in Debian 7 GNU/Linux?
Scripting to split a single CSV row into multiple
Using `sed` in Android without `g` modifier?
Mounting a Partition & recovery
How can I output sample rows from a .csv?
How to set up wifi hotspot with 802.11n mode?
Cygwin XWin server: How to disable the creation of the "panel" window?
Issue in Standard Output and Error
How to get spec file path within rpm spec file
When using the spoofed IP option with arping no replies are returned
Rewrite source IP in TCP replies using iptables
Differences in Ubuntu packaging? Eclipse vs. Firefox
Automatic Background Processes
Merging columns in a file using Awk
what is the correct regexp for mysql filter in fail2ban?
Execute command inside another command
Is it possible to reduce information in iptables log?
Is 2s a "normal" variation in ssh's execution time?
How to safely turn off swap permanently and reclaim the space? (on Debian Jessie)
Video transfer using Ethernet from Raspberry pi to another Ubuntu system at controlled data rate
Enigmail plugin does not recognize anymore my private key
U-Boot and armhf installation
Sort command inconsistent behavior
Light file copy with diff
best way to upload files(100gb+) from freebsd server
csh: Convert aliases into commands that set these
how to install window 10 with CentOS
Get name of package containing a given binary
Shell script error (: not found [No such file or directory])
GPG error: ... The following signatures couldn't be verified because the public key is not available
Keeping zsh abbreviations permanently?
How to run script before logout, while X session is still active?
mysql_upgrade - Can't create database 'performance_schema'
I want to learn how to find a file that has the following properties: Owned by a user, owned by a group and has size 33 bytes
/dev tmpfs question
How to tell wget to mirror website where links don't have html extension?
Implement batch option --yes in bash script
Choosing if using Docker or not, with or without Virtual Machines on a Debian 10... Number of CPU cores, of virtual CPUs?
Bluetooth devices missing Manufacturer name and product name
zfs/linux - how to measure sync vs async I/O usage/calls by applications?
How to list all files that end in ".doc" that exist in a directory and subdirectories whose name contain a certain word WITHOUT piping?
Is it possible to represent the +X symbolic permission with an octal value?
CPU stuck at 99% for a few hours: figuring out logs
What are the commands to logout and shutdown with a session manager?
Why can't uvcdynctrl see my webcam?
Dovecot version upgrade
How to download openSUSE 12.1 throught `wget -c`?
Switch Fn key state
access rights of a file in octal format
File encryption and decryption on Linux using ucrypt
Running uinput code on DM368 board
How to sort the string which combined with string + numeric using bash script?
SSH connection freezes after bigger output when inactive for a while
Detached screen on a remote host
Disable the GIO network extension?
What happens when you read a file while it is overwritten?
How to find/correct error in a path
How can I make the Gnome3 calendar use Thunderbird instead of Evolution?
Org-mode tables: How to insert result of a system command?
Bridging ethernet interface
exit out of all SSH connections in one command and close PuTTY
A program that could buffer stdin or file
Get list of ZSH commands from ~/.zsh_history with regex separator and multiline fields
how to compare filesystem sizes with -h human-readable suffixes in unix
df -h on Unix vs Linux
kill -STOP shuts down
Only select directories and order in specific way with echo
nmap raw packet privileges not working ("operation not permitted", even as root)
Why does 'manpath' work and 'echo $MANPATH' does not?
Extract a single file from a list of directories in Linux
How to install digikam5 on Linux Mint?
httpd failed due to SSLProtocol: Illegal protocol 'TLSv1.1' on centos 6.7
What is kintegrityd and why it has -20 nice value?
How to generate a nmap HTML report with python?
How can I match a field in two different files and append together in output file?
tar.gz extracted only empty files
Variable from concatentation of variables
lftp: removes folder prefix while uploading files
How to get drive SERIAL number from mountpoint?
Syntax Error when trying to run script
Why can't ed be exited with C-c?
.Xresources font names
How to get system to shutdown when Xorg is quit?
Startup script with LSB headers not working correctly (dependency problem)?
Grub menu not appearing
curl timeout troubleshooting
Shell scripting enthusiast
Using mutt and thunderbird together
Where to install mininet
Remove all files without a keyword in the filename
Cannot mount exFAT even though I installed exfat-fuse
Why does 'find -delete ' delete all files in a directory recursively
Disk usage inside archives, like ncdu
copy filenames with special characters to an external ntfs volume
Is there a convenient way to insert blank pdf pages into my pdf?
Variable inherited in the subshell without exporting in the main shell
How to install a specific version of GCC in Kali Linux?
Figure out which process forks too many threads
What is the purpose of the 10th column of the `last` command's output?
extract fasta entries from list using while read
How can I run a particular script every second?
Secondary Monitor displaying only mouse on Centos 7
Stop broken NFS mounts from locking a directory in solaris 11.3?
Copying and pasting specific file types in folders and subfolders
Supress errors in a subshell?
Why are my Uinput gamepad events not working?
Since when do the POSIX and GNU rm not delete /?
Migrate from Linux Mint to OS X
What is special about an amd64+mac ISO?
Java web application fails on one instance and passes on another with the same version
PAM Kerberos and RStudio
tails-installer package not found
Can you put multiple executable scripts in one directory, and by sourcing that directory make all of those commands available?
Awk and discarding non-matching tokens in a string?
Add environment variable for duration of Make task
How can I mount encrypted folder via SSH in Synology NAS?
Cannot save changes made in gnome-settings
how to insert file contents on match using sed - first occurrence only
IOGear GBU521 Bluetooth adapter on Debian
When I redirect the output of ls to a file, the filename is included in that file. How can I avoid this?
How to stop an ssh server on arch linux
Different color schemes in URxvt?
How to determine & convert current time to no of seconds elapsed during current day?
Authentication is required to mount /dev/mapper/docker
Delete Photos from My Pics Directory
Vi editor: What's the fastest way to delete multiple rows in a file?
Running sshd in cygwin: "/var/empty must be owned by root..."
How to set-up a local DNS? Is it related to a real one, external one?
After installing Manjaro, windows is not showing in boot menu
How can I see when my PC was rebooted?
Fedora Host, Kali VM, KVM/QEMU mouse not working
Performance Optimization
How to install Unison 2.40 on Ubuntu 16.04 xenial (to resolve "Fatal error: Received unexpected header")
Redirect all outbound UDP DNS request to a localhost DNS server
How to pass a password to a child process?
Running a program after system startup directly from the linux kernel
Downgrade XUbuntu kernel
Order of signals: SIGPOLL and SIGCHLD
Why does plymouth fail consistently after booting into second OS?
Copy folders has specific part of name and it is content
create listening port on IPV6 WITHOUT netcat
Rename all the folders by removing specific part of first digits or characters from it is name
Can't access my external HDD
Why doesn't Disk Image Writer work?
Redirect script stderr & stdout to a file, but keep stdout to tty as well?
How fstab mount options work together with per file defined permissions in linux
How to install mcu8051ide on Mac OSX?
Using dd to copy MBR results in partition tables double the size
`find -delete` Erased Everything
How to chown a file on a CIFS mount?
Monitor no longer working after upgrading graphics card
Different bash profile files are loaded? For local and ssh-remote access to Cygwin
keyctl disables VMVware CPU
diagnosing systemd boot messages
When is the earliest I can launch a program in Linux?
Check whether console application is really exited
How to create application launcher on Centos/SL 7.2 64 bit?
Port forwarding an ssh request from a global IP to a specific local IP
How to interpret VFS usage chart
Can I use the 'cp' command with the -b option, but have it fail if the backup file already exists?
Array Expansion
iptables - Map port on the host to a port in a Docker container
Splitting file content into other files based on parsed parameter value in file
systemd underestimates boot time. How can I try upstart?
SCP through multiple hosts
How to upgrade kernel with all dependencies in Debian?
sudoedit but no cp
Can swap get corrupted?
Why does my iptables configuration allow non-TOR traffic?
Is there a way to split a usb thumb drive into 3 partition with different live distros?
Get block device parent
How to repair a 500GB HD showing itself as only 10MB?
openwrt - RAM memory allocation
NGINX - location {} slug with different root domain
memcached systemd service stop timeout
How to correctly install Git 2.17.1 from source on CentOS 7.4?
What unnecessary folders are possible to delete to clear a disk space
How to remove \n from a column using awk or sed
When did MacOS fully transition to 64-bit?
Doesn't work create swap on partition
Comparing two files and print empty line for unmatched?
running remote bash script from local linux host and issue with "echo command not working
iptable snat with ovs bridge
I'm facing some problems on installing packages on kali linux armhf on linux deploy
Forwarding Traffic To Particular IP using IPTABLES
Installation of Debian 9 in Dell Inspiron 7559
replace unix path inside a file
Manjaro: Change default text editor to Sublime Text 3
How to give this permission (-r--rwx-rw-) using CHMOD?
Nginx Log Rotation Doesn't Seem to Be Working Correctly
Crontab not running a shell script
Clone directories
Broken behavior when checking "3D acceleration"
Debian Jessie Wireless Driver Broadcom Restart (rmmod modprobe) BCM43142 [14e4:4365]
How to find specific csv files and extract their second row into a single csv file
Keyboard layout settings conflicting
How to configure BIND for domain name with own nameservers?
key_read: type mismatch: encoding error
Halt the mouse wheel on keyboard key down
How to find one word and sequentially replace it?
Wifi trouble on Linux Mint
How to write a script to log in multiple server using for loop and ssh?
Cannot run evilvte (VTE terminal emulator) as user - except via SSH
Verizon LG VL600 USB 4G Modem
Why can't my Unix terminal not find my matlab binaries and making Unix find them again?
ubuntu IPTables
not getting full network speed (or even close) of 100 mbps
cut column range sed/awk/cat
Using 'ping', 'cut' and 'tee' together
How does Grub Stage1, exactly, access/load stage 2?
Sharing a hard disk partition with a Linux VM on VirtualBox
Curl fails with ntlm proxy
What kind of redirection is >>&?
Why deleting big files from tmpfs is not instantaneous?
Setup a WLAN to LAN bridge (fedora 22)
BASH: how to pass a default argument if no arguments after the first were passed
agetty dumb terminal option
USB stick read-only in GNOME/nautilus?
CentOS 7, how to install rdesktop?
Does CentOS 6 have a kernel-module-extra equivalent?
Why the ext4 filesystem can be shrunk only when not mounted?
How to know whether wget has completed download successfully?
How to make apr available for subversion install?
Running Gst Player through command line
Critical Memory
What is the command for listing all users who are members of the admin group?
IPv6 in IPv4 over LAN
Copy file from commandline, paste into Gnome window or vice-versa
Which config files in /etc folder must be unique for each computer?
I am getting nova issue when i ran #nova image-list
RAIDing with LVM vs MDRAID - pros and cons?
How can I set up Virtual Hosts in Centos7?
Additional keybinding combination to copy text to clipboard
Get each column which contains multiple spaces?
Where is core group defined on coreos?
Resolve all aliases in a zsh command line
Error with gedit can't save any file
Compare strings
Get size of sent curl request
Free space showing problem in `parted` command?
Execute MySQL commands directly instead of entering console first
Using upstart with stop unknown instance
Excluding a specific directory using a recursive 'ls'
Launcher for a Python program that requires extra libraries
How can I force my wifi to connect to a G-band channel?
How to recover from a chmod -R 000 /bin?
cannot mount usb
axelget, yum and crccheck failed
Making a directory protected from 'rm -rf'
Transform a UDP unicast packet into a broadcast?
Stereo capture with v4l2
PROLINK WN2001 driver for LinuxMint 15
How can I connect to Gnome 3 with a Windows VNC client?
How to mount a NRG file on Linux?
Why the -u flag doesn't work for ps?
When will this cron run
How does the path environment variable work in Linux?
Why is my tar file bigger than its contents?
Undefined reference to gzopen64 when building samtools
Is is possible to store Nautilus' thumbnails along with the original files?
How to suspend from Gnome3 using systemd
How to restrict rm -rf / in CentOS machine?
iptables rules too restrictive; Drupal webserver cannot access repositories, ntp or even websites
Touchpad - Have to wait for the left click to work
Old HP nc4400 laptop on Debian, fan turns on for 10 secs, then off for 20 secs
Ubuntu server cannot access the Internet: appears DNS related
Include domain name or not in /etc/hosts?
Internet disappears regularly
output while reading keyboard input
VIM(Mercurial) +python3.2 on debian wheezy: Could not load library function PySys_SetArgv
How to make /dev/sdf?
using devtmpfs for /dev
How to keep track of which files are currently growing in directory
Kernelpanic Fedora 18 with kernel 3.9.2-200
Turning off swapping for only one process with cgroups?
Python.h: No such file or directory
can't view `split` output files with cat
Courier IMAP cannot find my Maildir but can find root's Maildir
To recover my system so it shut down normally?
update-initramfs failing after upgrading to stretch from jessie
shell script to make directories, subdirectories and files following a pattern
How to start a windows partition from the Grub command line
Why do I have so many unnecessary packages?
Append a string to the beginning of second line using unix
Sort file "foo" and use redirection ">" to save output into the same "foo" file
Is there a way for pre-setting proxy addresses for specific networks?
ssh X11forwarding not working , but only on debian8
Static IP address without a gateway
Is it better to use cat, dd, pv or another procedure to copy a CD/DVD?
Restarting LDAP client service
What happens when I enable or disable a repo
How to set English as a default language in Debian?
IP address assigned when using 3G USB modem
How do cgroups interact with non-cgrouped processes?
Toshiba sattelite c665 bluetooth not working (Kali)
Running script through bashrc causes nesting of tmux panes
EX editor: go to previous file
"Couldn't find synaptics properties. No synaptics driver loaded?" after reboot. Scrolling doesn't work
How can I move (rsync) a huge quantity of data reliably the can handle network interruptions?
Command works locally but failed on remote
Remove spaces between two words ONLY
How does a parent process know the process IDs of the child processes it started?
What is the need of device tree in linux?
Character count of language X in mixed text file?
when use systemd start ntpd mount namespace is different from pid 1
How to delete one character/letter from file name
wget not working but apt-get does
Restore Mint logon screen
Using a non-standard location for avahi services
How can I exclude a string using a regular expression?
How to use bash shell for gnuplot to show Greek letter?
Run crontab only if condition
Samba reporting not enough free space
What to do to run GUI Java app in chrooted environment?
How do I time a specific command?
Cron: My crontabs don't seem to be doing anything at all
Is there a "Open terminal here" from File Browser?
modules make: *** /lib/modules/3.7-trunk-amd64/build: No such file or directory
Tmux key-bind like to use the windows/super for my meta key in Tmux Without X
Emacs, getting the output of the echo area
perl one liners + print line if match last word but with space
Debian package created by checkinstall overwrites a config file in /etc/default
Creating a user valid for a given time period?
No on-board sound on Dell Optiplex SX-280 post Linux Mint Petra Install
What are the numbers after the version in the output of apt-cache policy?
is there some simple/clean way to make an "empty boolean variable" be evaluated as `false` on bash scripts?
Identifying and moving fields in a line
fdisk (expert mode) options
Making a real universal bootable Arch pen drive
Debian 7 - Kernel Panic after libc6 update
How do I edit /etc/rc.local?
Tool to create a bad physical location report on disk
Which terminal encodings are default on Linux, and which are most common?
SSH XForwarding fails - xauth bad display name
Allow Rygel to talk to NetworkManager over DBUS?
How to run a process with a specific group?
nginx + php5-fpm doesn't work properly. I see a white screen only
htop gives blank screen
Linux Mint MATE: Disable encrypted volume password dialog
How to renice a group of processes?
Running commands on startup on a Red Hat server
SSH - How to make X applications run on client?
How do I mount an XFS partition via /etc/fstab and non-root users can r/w to it?
Find duplicate file names with specific matching pattern
X Driver for underlying hardware
Performing -nt/-ot test in a POSIX sh
Using second init/systemd startup on different partition
Blackwidow Chroma V2, keys not responding
Doubled system tray icons in Xfce
Strange serial port behaviour on Raspberry PI
Sudo password not working for fedora28
Get same /etc in different Operation Systems
Get List of Directories and Timestamp in a specific format in HP-UX
Force internet traffic through wifi
How to check a process is running in which core?
Need some idea how i can write shell script for below requirement
Killed my internet connection on kali
Debian: Need some explanation what apt is doing
Grep a pattern from a file and get that whole word, not just the pattern
What is `. command` means and how it works in Linux?
How to configure which characters are allowed in CentOS usernames
How do I override the From field in Evolution?
Installing NVIDIA driver for Debian Stretch
behavior of interrupt signal after forking
Script ‒ Move files that match with the records in text file based on parameters
Where can I view the history of a Deb package?
Routing zeroconf interfaces
Cannot find Docker package in RHEL7 repository
How do I unmount `dev` after mounting it?
Why does getegid work for others but not me?
How does a shell interact with the terminal?
Dual NICs with different gateways
Is there a way to printf $@ verbatim?
Why linux popularity is going down?
How do I rmdir a directory after umount?
Move files with date in file name to directories
Why does UFW use a different sysctl.conf file?
Pulseaudio HDMI sinks change names
problem with internet connection in fresh created VPS's
No such file or directory error when trying to run an executable
Issue with booleans tests && and || in bash
Why Linux firewall GUI Gufw not in Debian window-key search?
Cron log performance info
Debian Stretch hangs at boot with "Please unlock disk xxx" error after upgrade from Debian Jessie
MAC address generation
Remote text mode terminal shell "screen"
Create new user without prompt with chpasswd
Curl JSON encoded in UTF-8
Why is my if statement interpreting a boolean backwards
How do I convert a relative to an absolute path, portably and robustly?
Following a Virtual File?
sssd / ad no ssh login after migration debian 8 => 9: Access denied for user xxx: 4 (System error)
mount a share specifying options on mac
Split new tmux window
How can I make ACL settings on /run/media/* persistent?
Is the bin/ directory for storing binary files?
How to edit a kali linux custom iso?
How do you parse the logs of multiple servers?
awk command to delimit the second column
grep for string without another string before it
tcpdump show incoming traffic that is never caught by netcat
How to preserve the original extension after multiple files manipulation
Apache Directory directive not working behind a elastic load balancer
How can search for both single quotes and double quotes in a grep search?
how to use rsa RSA SecurID with Linux?
Multiple files with no header to merge with one header
`rsync` during streaming
Update ubuntu 16.04 base and crash... Uh oh!
Touchpad scrolling stopped working after Debian 9 upgrade
How can I install and resolve the dependencies for the WPS Office 2016 release?
Python3.6's Pip Checking wrong Python Version
Wireless Indicator/LED Linux Mint
Need to force hostname update without restart
Stop my PC going to sleep every 10 minutes
Kali Linux can't see my windows partitions!
How to correctly deploy/install scripts?
Write bash function which operates on list of filenames
What to use instead of `buffer` for 1GB buffer?
jobs command gives wrong output
Shell Parameter expansion
Bash: How to redirect every command's output to a file?
How do I add commands to the boot sequence?
xrandr not showing hdmi and vga port, external monitor not dectected
Creating alias failing in bashrc using function method
Copying files in bash
Control+Shift + Mouse Wheel with xbindkeys shortcuts propagate
Debian (PIXEL) in VirtualBox won't save files with persistence
Regular Expressions to sanitize phone numbers
How to find default clipboard in debian-mate?
Bash: Sort Array Elements by File Date
Would someone provide an example of a Bash synchronous vs asynchronous job?
Changing the word "password" at login
How to setup a WLAN interfaces with one for Hotspot?
Traceback (most recent call last) error appears on terminal
How to see Current users on the system
LXDE: change battery icon in the panel
Force a specific frequency from my wireless card
How to find the intersection of multiple files (not necessarily two files)?
What do I need to do to get qrandom to pipe data correctly into a running script without it throwing errors?
PTY allocation request failed on channel 0
Why regular expression '[a-z][0-9]+$' not work
How Do I Extend the Root Partition Backwards
Allow PAM module to always access a root only file
Extracting part of string from a file in ksh environment
Handle filenames containing whitespaces passed to Bash function using wildcard
What does the ntp option "restrict default nopeer" do?
Is linux kernel implemented tty always render data using UTF-8?
manage docker containers in cockpit without root
How do I access an SD card via command line in Chrome OS?
lxde desktop shortcut remove prompt that ask action (open execute)
Linux - case command
Add new lines above each existing line in a file
Using command (dd if=/dev/mmcblk0p1 | sha1sum) while running from initramfs
Sim Missing Error - Huawei Embedded Modem(Model ME906s-158)
Why are du -h / du / df / df -h not refreshing when extracting a large file
Replace a variable with stdin?
Why does read from variable give blank new variable?
Create Linux USB that can boot from any computers like the liveusb installer
bash string increase from vda to vdb in a loop
What does ESRCH mean?
LXC: Are downloaded templates verified?
How to increase disk space in root?
How to manage the source data for iptables -v option?
Test length of string in file
VirtualBox Error, Storage:Settings, Guest Additions
low remaining storage space, how do I increase it?
stuff in quotes are hidden in the compilation error message for gcc?
Double quotes issue in bash script
Tar waiting a long time at end of block device
Where is the nginx executable on Debian?
How to switch to GUI mode form console mode in Suse Linux Enterprise Server 10?
cURL: Request to http and https by default
disabling usb device debian
How large is the img that dd creates?
Weblogic process just killed suddenly on redhat linux
HTTP Session Management while using Nginx as in “Round Robin” mode Load-balancer?
How to write bash script without using sudo in it?
Permanently start the OpenBSD pf Firewall on OS X
Wear leveling of SD card because of swap file in embedded linux
Thunderbird mail notification filter
Making voice calls using Huawei E1550
Configure touchscreen on Debian?
Routing through iptables
A problem with mknod when logged in as root
random number needed
cut / grep and df -h
How to tweet using terminal?
can't open netbeans IDE in Fedora 17
How stable are Unix shell "stdin/stdout APIs"?
Tomcat does not get enough memory
Entry point of linux kernel
What went wrong with this driver install?
ncurses.h is not found, even though it is on the search path
How to assign user root rights?
specify geometry of a new gnuplot window in lxde
Is it possible to download extremely large files intelligently or in parts via SSH from Linux to Windows?
Terminate script using zenity progress bar
Clock skews on remote machines
Gnome, KDE, XFCE... which is most simple and customizable?
XFCE Cursor themes not installing
High memory (user space) and highmem (kernel space)
Official tools to save/restore gnome settings
Ubuntu One in Fedora
Can I make pacman aware of packages installed manually?
Best rolling release distribution for MacBook Pro
Is there a way to use/recompile libgio-2.0 on machine with libc-2.5?
Not able to configure phpmyadmin in Ubuntu 12.04
Scan and get the packages installed on Ubuntu along with the version
Diff stdin after piping it through a command
Application log files to the systemd journal
Get the Vendor and Product details of the Network Adapter
How to run keras using GPU support oferred by tensorflow image?
`dd` does not create bootable Ubuntu iso
Add own information to error stream
Udev and uevent question
Diff with file titles printed out
Build an embedded setup with custom QT/X11 application as desktop background
Problem with kicad installation { : Depends: libglew1.13 (>= 1.12.0) which is a virtual package and ... }
systemd service does not start (permission denied)
Piping Output of Shuf Command
Set minimal JRE version to deb package dependency
use debian without gui and still use software like firefox and open office
How to pass zeroes in the argument to the program
Run udev script every minute (displaying Dualshock 4 Battery level)
detect which port a usb stick is connected to
Get X's configuration
How can i kill docker containers
grep --exclude-dir behaviour: a bug or a feature?
Loading and execution of programs in memory
How to force ssh-copy-id to ignore existing authorized keys?
Can I decrypt EncFS files without the .encfs6.xml?
How can I set an environment path of Java (jdk) in Linux-KDE?
Unix Filename ignore list
Awesome Window Manager and keyboard settings
Logrotate: scp rotated file to different location
Touch the file to future time stamp
Supply the same filename as argument to two commands
Strange closure of vi editor
cannot change my login screen background
"Script" command for two terminals
CentOS 6.5 kernel vs CentOS 7 kernel
How to stream a content of video file to network using h264 over rtp ? cmd line commands please
How can I add an IPv6 gateway?
Lubuntu + pulseaudio
restrict IP traffic between VLAN sub-interfaces
How to configure LinuxMint 17 to invoke commands from the mouse?
Can someone explain how to use flock and file descriptors to lock a file and write to the locked file?
How to match multiple lines starting with a TAB, and the line before the 1st one in a group?
Bash ping script file for checking host availability
how to block my phone from the vps?
Shared system partition for multiple linux system
sendmail and certs
how can I add an extra character after a word search
What is the command to find the read/write permissions for a single file?
Nand Flash; MTD; UBI; Total Space
How to find documentation about macros in the manpages?
How can I catch a command exit code for later, in a Makefile?
Not managing to make AND operator work in bash script
Speak directly to a PCI device without a driver?
A way to distinguish between interleaved output from two background processes
Left click not working on Ubuntu 12.04 LTS
LDAP Sudoers w/ AD & SSSD (returns only primary group)
Screen splits into two after Debian 9 installation
cp -al not creating hard links
Why is the same package sometimes essential and not essential?
For loops in Bash
How can I install LVM2 without using using apt-get, yum, rpm, etc.?
Grep strange exclusion of empty lines from the output
Custom httpd logs on CentOS 7 server
Cause of "No such interface 'com.ubuntu.AccountsService.Sound'" bug?
How does GnuPG outputs to console while stdout and stderr are both redirected to /dev/null
iptables rules for client to be able to tftp download from any server
Binary permissions in romfs
Cannot telnet to listening port and firewall rules
What is the simplest way to email between two computers?
If I use vim modified a file without backup, can I restore the contents?
Installing Kali 2.0 on virtual box failled
Can ALSA output sound from a motherboard jack input line to HDMI?
sar shows zero percent load
Search the value from a dynamic file and pass to a variable in HTML
What is /proc/<pid>/net/dev?
How to enable output during debian/ubuntu preseeding
apt-get seems connected to an old database
How to prevent GNU screen from clearing the screen when terminating?
Passwordless login (from physical console and from others users)
Subtract a Number from variable which contains a sentence
Monitor a logfile and execute different commands depending on different conditions
change of date format in awk command
How do you make an alias or function that retains tab completion?
Subtract floating numbers in shell script
Choppy media playback
Difference between 'xhost + ' and 'xhost +SI:localuser:AnotherUser'
Why is the Intel HD Graphics driver called i915?
Disarm Linux Minty 16 password
Web server infected by backdoor Trojan, how to fix?
Desktop environment that stacks programs in the task bar
how to set i2c bus to soc audio codec
Can I use rsync to mirror two directories using the later of two conflicting files?
X2Go: How to enable/disable
Merging csv files with Key columns
OpenWRT hairpin L2 traffic
Wsl kali startup
what will happen when a NFS sharing directory cannot be loaded remotely?
What is a great way to list files found in a directory that add up to a certain file size
Locale does not work with "file" command output
Suitable filesystem for heavily fragmented files
Bash command to rename files and convert datestamp from 'dd[st/nd/rd/th] mmm yyyy' to 'yyyymmdd'?
How to write a bash script to trigger next command if and only if the previous command's process is completed
File permissions on Nextcloud/Apache2 Debian
Why is stdin closed in Git hooks?
Forgot correct syntax to mv millions of files around on the same partition
Run bash script upon change
What CCTV software is available for Debian?
Perl Script in Bash Here Document (does not output variable)?
Wheezy still doesn't update! 404 errors
Replacing string in file with MAC OSX
fetch line in a file if first column match from another file?
Sharing internet using Network-Over-USB in Raspberry Zero based on ( BeagleBone Black method)
FreeBSD: How do you use auditd for logging when files and folders are opened, read, moved, deleted or modified?
What is the difference between kali release numbers (kali1-5)?
How to I simulate Apple propellor key for Google Docs in GNOME Web?
Why is my bash shell script changing spaces to linefeeds?
Writing continuously to named pipe
AWK - sum plus and minus values into separate variables
Why does bluetooth "hci_inquiry" function always returns num_res = 1?
NixOS: Modifying config files on a buildFHSUserEnv environment
How to change the system cooling policy on Linux Mint Debian laptop
Can't run composer update in a subdomain because the php version is lower that required
What does ${!#} mean in Shell scripting?
Connect my laptop through desktop to internet
Reading from a continuously changing logfile
Is it possible to send a keyboard event to a background script that's expecting user interaction? (Using 'read')
Why don't Gnome or KDE produce their own distribution (or other desktop projects for that matter)?
Linux - why is kernel.shmall so low by default?
What's the difference between /sbin/nologin and /bin/false
Pipes in bash script working while the same script fails in crontab
parse linux paths as columns in a .csv file bash
Colors wrong in wine with new x server with 8 bit color
linux distro that's lightweight & works in seamless mode for commandline use on VirtualBox
File permissions when transferring to another server
Gnome trouble on a DisplayLink device in a Linux virtual machine
Encoding changed after running cat
FreeBSD: Getting pkg_add to use stable packages rather than release packages?
Can't add user to sudoers file
Need to execute javascript as a cron job... possible?
Is it possible to make thunar sort by ASCII order?
/dev mounted as readonly
How to store packages on a separate drive to save disk space in Linux Mint?
Where are the program calls of the boot process stored
How to call a kuu from a shell script
What's a quick Launcher app which will do auto-complete?
How can I swap my two screens, left to right?
How to access flash site that is rejecting my plugin (64-bit)?
Connecting fetchmail (or another MRA) to Exchange
Reattach to lost X11 session
Running multiple commands with su in Bash
My awk program to change spaces into tabs doesn't work
'd' Key on VNC Viewer Minimises All Windows
Adding Ctrl-L as "clear" hotkey in OpenBSD's ksh
Arch Linux not booting after system update
Compiled a Kernel (2.6.39-rc1), where is the corresponding initramfs?
A tee >( process ) is truncating its stdout when writing a file
How can I have a Trash/Recycle Bin for my Samba shares?
What is the difference between a patch which reverts a commit and a "reversed patch"?
How to remove or shorten F1 Boot Prompt on NanoBSD 4G USB disk that fail with "fdisk: /boot/mbr: Device not configured"?
How much text does grep/egrep consume each time?
vncserver -compatiblekbd fails with unrecognized option
Calling an email script from another script using ssmtp on ubuntu
Uninstalling *.run file
Bring up shutdown menu of Cinnamon via command line
Sometimes don't have permission to create new folders on an NTFS partition in Evince
Broadcast or send machine readable code to ssh clients
Stanford's StanfordCPPLib on Linux
Why doesn't yum list anything?
Is it possible to manually manage a Solid State Hybrid Drive?
awk pairwise differences
Using shell's read command with live editing functionality (readline like)
Flag a package as being configured on Debian even if it's not
Connecting to WIFI that requires Microsoft Windows login
No wireless connection on Kali installation
Fedora 31 install hangs on "started gnome display manager"
What will activating the web console (cockpit) do?
Help me check the directory that my shell is currently in
Simple shell loop fail in Makefile
Function runs in terminal, but wont work in .sh script
How to batch start background tasks?
time on machines change after some time in spite chrony service configured
Dovecot add existent folder from command line
Use sed to return /abc/xyz, /abc, and /xyz given /abc/xyz
How to sudo copy a file and pass argument to it with shell script
Error while installing redhat 8
sendfile doesn't work for empty stdin
Map right alt to left arrow on MacBook Pro with Kali Linux
Locating the system call table by means of the IDT and the syscall handler fails?
The following packages have unmet dependencies: mariadb-server
Grub rescue error after partition deleted
Nixos how can I search for packages in a specific channel?
USB log / copie operations log
unmount SD card makes file checksum change
Execute process with "low" priviliges inside shell with inittab
Is it possible to export/save Docker's full Linux OS system as a rootfs.tar.gz?
How to customize vertical panel in cinnamon menu?
Can I combine two "keybinds" into one in Openbox?
Two drives with LUKS+LVM, only the first one can mount
tail/head piping remove newlines
udev systemd call @remove does not work but triggers scripts openSuse Leap42.3
How to hack and modify a predefined date time format of KDE 5 that comes with Debian 9.2.1 Stretch?
How to use the 14px Gohu font in URXVT?
Absolutely jail a user with minimum IP, file, & command rights
Linux fullscreening video
Wine and parallel processing
Install rEFInd on OS X 10.10 Yosemite
dd write vs read performance
Modify sound volume per application
Hard Drive Crash / Gparted Error or Something Else
Trinity Desktop Environment on Linux Mint
execute command from txt file
Top show high CPU on process but idle on load average
How to limit aria2 connections to one server but enable concurrent connections to multiple servers?
How do I validate a settings(ini) file for the values expected using bash?
Linux Mint 15 Olivia source list
Linux boot with broken partition
Broadcast messages don't appear on gnome-terminal, but appear on xterm
virtualbox keeps showing error "Kernel driver not installed"
harddisk not recognized / filesystem too large to mount safely on this system / hdparm shows garbage
Can subsequent nameservers defined in /etc/resolv.conf be used if the previous nameservers can not be resolved?
Restrict the times a user is allowed to log in
How to eliminate annoyances when starting a GUI from a terminal?
What is the purpose of mail spools?
Why doesn't the sudo command need the root password?
Is it possible to view the list of file names of a zip file which is inside another zip file?
How can I kill child processes with start-stop-daemon?
Install TFTP-Server without Internet
why doesn't iozone generate output file?
Where is PCB on Linux
Why is this autogen.sh script failing?
How can I get the pid of a process started this way
Fixing System boot failure due to GRUB Error
Switching from LMDE to debian testing + LMDE
4 signed in root users?
Crontab never running while in /etc/cron.d
Use network adapter in Kali Linux using vmbox?
Syntax Error near Unexpected Token in a bash function definition
xterm not loading xresources properly
Fedora live USB with persistent storage
Something like $CDPATH that works for all bash commands
Screen brightness on Debian after sleep/hibernate on Macbook with Intel graphics card
How to determine current users who are logged in using a specific domain? | UNIX
How to determine current users who are logged in using a specific domain?
8 independants mono channel on 7.1 sound card, but possibility to play sound on 8 channels simultaneously
How to combine two files by shifting the value of the row file to its corresponding value in the column file?
Wifi dongle unavailble in nmcli
desktop: how to enable sleep from lock screen?
cgroups/systemd: How to create a cgroup for a process tree [non-root]
Shell script: "if file is not being used" condition
how to understand \n in vim
How to formally change Linux Mint KDE to Cinnamon edition?
Could not execute a Bash Script if / while
Xorg.conf leaves me with no visible output
Google Drive Desktop on CentOS
Audacious run when I press Open with or Show in Folder in XFCE in Arch for any kind of file
Linux Mint 18 suspend issue
Linux command line tool to find specific programs
iptables, router on a stick vpn, bypass vpn for specific ports
I want to hear the ping
How to remove the shortcut Alt + right click from LXDE so it's available to applications?
Virtual mouse is ignored by xorg when loaded
Viewing large image on Linux
'screen' utility : how to prevent it to handle the display?
pvcreate error on partition
How do I remove persistent config data from APT?
How to increase the size of rootfs?
When will the support end for SLES 9.4?
Suspending the global KDE&X-Windows keyboard shortcuts while specific application is running
Set wi-fi power saving polling interval on Linux, is it possible?
Detecting the device of a crypto mount
USB DVD device type, /dev designation
Remember password after `sudo -i`
What is TX status timeout and do I have to worry about it?
How does bash know how it is being invoked?
when to use double quotes with a variable in shell script?
error while using apt-get install for any package
The find command: the options '-mindepth' conflicts with the action '-prune'
Simple bash script taking too long to execute
vimrc - how to block comment?
Running `screen` through a @reboot cron job
LXDE: keybinding for single key not working
tail -f but suck in content of the file first (aka `cat -f`)
incorrect lines display in ssh console
Restrict usage of the same password during a time period
How to check if a currently running process is opened by root or user
variable name lost when tab completing to export an environment variable with a path
How to identify error in a particular file while checksum verification (which file having problem while verification) in shell script
ufw firewall rules for security.debian.org
multithread handling in AM1808 using embedded Linux
Configuring DNS resolver failover timeout
How to let GDM shares monitor configure with GNOME?
Gedit Click Config plugin won't open
I want to find duplicates in a file and add a character to the end of the line on the 1st match
What are the requierements to sniff UDP packets in a Wireless Ad-Hoc network?
Installing puppet on RHEL6
coLinux strange networking trouble
Install Win8 After Ubuntu
start-stop-daemon makes cron pidfile with wrong pid
How does one find and replace text with geany in all files in a directory?
Get environment variable of other user
Sabayon 16 - MySQL Server unable to start
Can I xmodmap only a specific keyboard?
What is this distro?
What is a block device?
Debian Jessie grub-install broken in some mysterious way
Run multiple piped grep commands from a list in bash
How to avoid receiving warning message from a mount system
Purpose of find command's default size unit 512 bytes
"write-once archive": ext2 vs ext4^has_journal vs
How to install Nginx while Apache running?
Keep an SSH connection persistent through waking and suspending of computer
How to change from a GPG key to a conventional password?
ssh -f, running remote startkde, does not exit. Why?
Troubleshooting new linux system keeps freezing
How to paste over column by separate matching column
Memory usage inexorably creeping upward
packet_write_wait Broken pipe even leaving top running?
Looping through lines in file using bash and passing to variable. Resulting variable is not the same value as file, why?
Difference between /usr/bin and /usr/local/bin
How to crash a Linux PC at a specified time?
ssh Connection reset by 192.168.x.x
How to reach nm-connection-editor from the GUI in GNOME 3?
Split comma separated list ignoring commas within matching {}
Add shared module to apache CentOS7
ALSA – Choppy audio with USB audio device after upgrading to Debian Jessie
ls | grep works doesn't work with ls --color
What command would I use to find out how much total space my hard drive has left?
Repairing a broken alsa
Why iptables is flowing?
Installing The Hessling Editor (THE) and Locating the Demonstration File
service exits after ssh disconnect
Why stdout won't flush when redirecting input from a fifo?
Stunnel 5.x on Centos 6.5
rc.sysinit replacement for systemd for early action
disk in use in-spite we perform umount and lsof is empty
How are CPU loads balanced?
Setting Up SSH SOCKs Proxy on Raspian
Wordpress Added 301 Redirect That Shouldnt Be There
Check which screen programs are using
Process Ignores Signals + Terminal/Shell Concept
yum repo that keeps the latest build of python3?
How can I capture all the UDP packets using tcpdump?
Difference between /usr/lib/systemd/*/*.service and /lib/systemd/*/*.service
Veracrypt 1.24 cannot be used anymore for mounting volumes as normal user
Terminal is not starting after sudo passwd -d ahmad
systemctl start custom.service does not return
GLib-GObject-CRITICAL **: g_object_unref: assertion Error Got when using evnce comand to open pdf in linux
Where is the documentation for the IP variable in initramfs.conf?
ksh prompt defined as function with newlines
How can I repair a bad upgrade in Fedora 30
Mouse keys on GNOME with no keypad
Making a Simple Deb Package NixOS Compatible (Mathematica's wolframscript)
Build path name with variable as input to touch
/etc/resolv.conf overwritten with old DNS entries not what is in /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-enp0s3
Why does "hostname -i" return "Unknown host"?
Passing options into man for a self-written help file
Broken LVM Physical volume after resizing partition
LVM Removing a drive - says not enough extents
Dont know how to display passive devices in network
Why does this rsync call not work properly?
Grep matching and looping through directory and store in different output files
Save output of multiple commands to the same file
How to upgrade kernel on Pinebook now ARM support is mainlined?
How do i disable Logitech G430 sidetone/mic monitoring/listening?
Deepin 15.10 Error: could not find a distribution template for Deepin/stable
vnc dynamic runtime firewall ports >= 5901
systemd: solution for stampede effect when restarting multile services?
Examples of common programs
How to robustly switch pulseaudio output device from command line?
How to utilize Windows 10 Connection Sharing to Access ZScaler protected Websites on Linux / Ubuntu 18.04
Skip lines with matching pattern and delete lines with condition matched
Undetermined status for the set-user-ID and set-group-ID bits (suid vs nosuid options) on a mounted filesystem?
syntax error near unexpected token `done' with 2 files generated
Installation of Firefox on Alpine Linux
How to stop bash script from running at login
Did backup using dd break kernel update?
Move (mv) file that starts with a hyphen (-)
Test if any files that do not match a specific pattern exist in a directory
Mount iso -o loop select loop device
No wireless extensions arch linux
What could cause slow binfmt-support.service during boot?
How to make xmodmap changes permanent? (reboot and resume)
How to download wine-tkg manually to play FIFA 19?
solutions when NFS server is inaccessible
How can I disable Zathura's statusbar by default?
Sendmail "Message accepted for delivery" but doesn't make it "Deferred: Connection timed out"
UI elements and fonts look cartoonishly big in KDE on a 4k monitor. Is it possible to turn off scaling completely?
Need to convert output to curly braces and quotes
When coding for Unix/Linux is it convention to use a trailing slash on path names, or to omit it?
What is the concept of Refresh in Linux, if there is so
How to checkout Tomcat by SVN?
ubuntu usb sound card sometimes recognized and sometimes not at boot
handling right click with single button mouse (tablet)
How do I fix the "Cannot retrieve repository metadata" error in Fedora 14?
"Couldn't resolve host" when installing/updating yum packages
Script for emulating Windows [Win]+[Arrow] keyboard shortcut
Compare two file columns
wget --spider: how to tell where broken links are coming from
Linux VPS Configuration
How to enable WIFI on VMWare Fedora 12? (It's detecting and working fine on Windows 7)
Earphone remote in sound jack as X input
How to define a `bc` function for later use?
Prompting for input in post-install script in dpkg
Can I make SSMTP to automatically set the "To:" header?
How can I apply my procmail filters to my maildir inbox?
Do procmail recipes have an alternator "or" operator?
Lightest weight SMTP server for Linux Single Board Computer (SBC)
Prevent watch breaking colors
Is there a difference between these two commands?
Linux support on 2012 MacBooks
Is there a way to find the mac address of a remote machine I have connected to with ssh?
Pasting the content of xclip onto gedit
Is it possible in Krusader to add custom icons and custom commands to execute?
systemd-modules-load print errors when loading builtin kernel modules
Samba on a Beowulf Cluster
Commands to access a SATA drive
emacs python2.7
Re-assigning (specifically, incrementing) a variable in a bash script
Error installing gmrun via apt-get
How to run sh from sh file
How to copy a long textfile to clipboard on gnome-terminal?
How to set a video mode in linux with kms/drm?
How do I set a limit on the number of files Linux can have open?
Repeat a Unix command every x seconds forever
send mail using external mail server
Kile freezes running pdflatex
Can I change a shortcut key to Windows key?
Why is Run Application (Alt-F2) very sluggish on a new computer?
Oneliner for slicing an image?
Where to find file transfer history from a SSH client (Debian/Linux)?
linux shell global linux memory in mem variable - from shell
USB performance/traffic monitor?
How to copy a file from my home folder to /usr
rsync-like tool that supports compression and maintains hardlinks?
How do I install mono's System.Windows.Forms on Ubuntu?
How can I tell if I'm in a tmux session from a bash script?
How do I get which to show aliases?
Do I need to halt in order to really turn power off?
Timing out in a shell script
How can I test the system footprint of applications?
setting up ssh public key
Trouble RDPing to Windows 7 Service Pack 1 from Remmina Remote Desktop
Overriding the shade of color displayed
How to get size of a block special file?
How do I get back to X?
How to configure Ethernet in Gentoo on s390x?
Copy-pasting in gnome-terminal
What is the mknod command used for?
Aliases for programs in /sbin/
How can I make scripts run when a file/directory changes in Linux (like Mac OS X’s launchd)?
Common multiple SSH connections file handling issue
Allowing a user to let listen to a port below 1024
Determine if zfs is the actual filesystem
bash: dynamic environment control
What are the rules that determine the default contents of an /etc/hosts file?
Shell: mutual piping of STDIN/STDOUT of two commands
Rename multiple files via shell script
Can't install packages
executing shell script from launcher, slow to end/complete the script
How to configure per-unit log storage policy with journald?
CentOS 6.7: cannot disable netfilter for Xen bridge
Normal user can't unmount if mounted by root
Debian/Xfce: Keyboard shortcut for home and end keys
Prevent path autocompletion from using CDPATH in bash?
Script won't run in cron but runs fine in root shell
Understanding qperf's output
Is it possible to chroot sftp service as unprivileged user?
Run program in readonly mode
For loop formatting
Huge delay in script response when using SFTP with expect
Disk I/O latency using /proc/vmstat file
program "killed" as soon as it runs
Is there any plugin for zsh or bash that does heuristic filename completion?
How to install indicator-cpufreq on fedora 22?
Capture user input in SSH
How to update libc(glibc) on kali linux (debian based)?
Automatically copy files to external USB drive when connected to laptop
What happens when user insert command in shell on kernel position?
Is it possilbe to add custom buttons to any window on ubuntu 18.x (Gnome)?
Getting the right file permissions when building packages in /usr/local/src
History: what is the meaning of the name 'xargs'?
How to execute a script on several nodes using Slurm?
Can't manage user accounts after using LDAP
Add double quotes to 1st occurrence of = after delimiter | in a file
How to control the Bit Rate (mbps) of Raspberry Pi Access Point
How do I reduze the size of a video to a target size?
AWK - Need to display total value of field and field number
Linux awk grep from file 1 into file 2
gnome-shell created .nfs0000 file
Adjusting the table and Gantt Chart for CPU scheduling
Tomcat9 Enable Manager Page for multiple services
Bash substitution shows directory structure
Embedding in iframe web-application at a port on another application in the same server
Output defined variables in current session
Why does abiword tell users to get a life?
bash regexp matching fails in [[ ]]
Systemd service to restart only 5 times on failure
transmission-daemon: UDP Failed to set receive / send buffer
Debian workaround 838871: dhcp network configuration without blocking boot process
First Match - awk
How to reverse input order?
Round Robin (RR) scheduling in Bash Unix Shellscript
CentOS Moved entire root directory (mv -v /*)
How to reset all brightness modifications?
Traceroute does not work, output is * * *
How to find runlevel targets?
Adding Debian 9.9 to existing RHEL 8.0 system
GPT header Backup
Configure pam_mount to suppress error output
How to install Nvidia proprietary driver on a dual-gpu laptop properly?
gnome-keyring usage without an x session
Count uniq instances of blocks of 2 lines
Using || after awk ENVIRON replacement
Php extensions on centos7 php7.x
Getting a match count of objects in a file
Read and Write Disk Drive registers as Read Only
Script to prompt user to select / input IP address
Running a script through jenkins
Why does my shell script not execute sequentially? (might be imagemagick?)
ssh: connect to host abc-int.xxx.com port 22: Connection timed out Couldn't read packet: Connection reset by peer
How to use one NIC for intranet and another for internet?
Difference between modprobe and sysctl -w in terms of setting system parameters?
recovery boot hangs at "systemd[1]: Listening on Journal Socket"
Begin for loop every time where it ended last
script shebang (!#/bin/bash) works in Ubuntu Mate, not Lubuntu Minimal (+LXDE)
grep: detect multi-line pattern with double capture
Change iio-sensors data via custom ACCEL_MOUNT_MATRIX
I am not able to start dnsmasq on boot
start a service before than another
Uploading a webcam stream via ftp in realtime
How to scroll up and down in a terminal with PgUp and PgDn keys?
Reload settings in /etc/fonts/conf.d
Bluetooth connection error
How do I make all GTK applications use a custom DPI setting?
Sierra Wireless GSM modem EM7455 + Android Integration Error
"export TZ=`date +%Z`" leads to confusing output of "date"
Disable read cache/buffer for USB mass storage device in Linux
Print line if value in column changes
Is there a command to add new line in a text file if the value of that row is different to the next?
How to install AutoCAD in Kali Linux
How can we change gateway in netstat -rn output
Is it possible to have auditd log different rules in different log files?
How can I ensure group write permissions on a NFS share?
Remove directories interactively using xargs
How to simulate existence of file to a particular process
How can I edit the last n lines in a file?
Repeat last command N times
Replicate the existing environment into a new VM
Command-line: How can I connect to a wireless network without starting DHCP autoconfig process?
Openvpn encrypted client key. Why not asking password?
How to select the mq-deadline scheduler?
What is login class in bsd?
Shortcut of mouse's right-click (Shift f10) does not work in some applications
inconsistency Linux server history
Preventing bash $PS4 from replicating first character
How to connect to local host 8080 using terminal's hostname in mac?
Manjaro, KDE, auto start application, skip desktop to taskbar
Dual-boot Linux & hiberantion: share swap partition
Find out which repository package provides a command
lftp changes directory size without changing files in directory
SQUID intercept mode using external authentication and ICAP with adaptation_send_username not working
How to handle linux kernel updates when using a custom kernel?
non-root user able to access network, power commands, by using groups?
grep a certain pattern in a line in a file and output the line if match found in the same line
What does this iptable rule mean?
How to stop sudo PAM messages in auth.log for a specific user?
How to trap spam sent from certain top-level domains?
How to extract string between two characters with sed
Tomcat 7 not producing log output to catalina.out on RHEL7
Encoding problem on aix system when logging using log4j2
Read all the values of a particular column of a file and store it in another file
boots from usb but uses internal hd as sda1
mod_rewrite all and if not found
Shell script for logrotating
how to use procmail as a MDA for postfix? (mailbox_command)
private iRedMial server, [127.0.0.1] in email headers
Capture output without redirection and leave it on terminal too
How to add static route in Virtual Guest to reach Host network?
Alias doesn't seem to read from STDIN
How to combine POSIX character classes of a regex?
What's the philosophy behind delaying writing data to disk?
How do I create a Debian package for a python progarm?
Is it Possible to Define Two Name Servers and a HTTP Host in a Unix-Based Server With Only One Static IP Address
Awk & regular expression to process pgn chess games file
Why is my raid5 always resyncing ? (device names no persistent?)
grep first column uniq values
List all directories whose contents (files) have not been updated or accessed before a certain date?
Why root bash output is colored but `sudo ls` output is not?
CentOS lock screen not unlocking
Shell script curl limit the try time for page not found
What file formats does CUPS support?
efibootmgr: Could not delete variable: Interrupted system call--- is my firmware bricked?
I can't mount lvm broken hard drive, I had to dublicate
How do I respond to a prompt after using & to make a new process?
How to make ps command show memory in mb instead of kb?
My USB hard drive seems inaccessible
What kind of pipe will work to enter random data into a compiled program for option 1 and option 2 at the same time?
Fail2Ban fails to start on CentOS 7
Downgrade MySQL 5.7 to 5.1 in CentOS 6
Is there any working game server manager for Linux?
Shell exit silently at arithmetic expression in for loop
scp or ssh with password
How to autofetch public keys in mutt?
Full disk encrypted linux + windows
Is USB/SD card a block device in Linux
executing 2 scripts with connection
What is the difference between pam_unix and pam_systemd?
Why xpra html5 client don't show client's local printer and regular xpra desktop client does?
Setting SSH bridge on remote machine
Setting up MEAN webserver in Ubuntu 14.04 vm
Upgrading Ubuntu 14.04 to glibc 2.20 or greater
How to disable Xorg right click emulation at runtime
get list of files which are unique
How to repair CentOS ? Failed to mount /sysroot
redirect command output to variable (bash script)
Sox stopping after a specific amount of bytes
How to start a systemd service after mount command
Unable to boot- please use a kernel appropriate for your CPU- error
Why do I get different exit status for ps | grep in a script?
optimum value for bs in 'dd' for chrooted linux?
(Fedora 25) Change Screen Brightness Using Function Keys (ASUS TP300L)
Start a program using cron job
Install Arch Linux on MBP and remove mac OS
Variable comparison inside if in Bash
Mount webdav on Linux with cookie authentication
How does Linux choose between default gateways?
Copying files from my (windows) computer to a remote system over ssh
Read each line - BASH
Disallow ssh on domain names
Split a file based on required string
How do I get git to give me an acceptable pkgver for Atom which I can use to check it out?
openpty returning zero as master file descriptor
How can I get zsh's completion working in the middle of the filename?
How replace disks on an existing striped zpool?
Use xvfb to automate X program
linux + increase temporary the /tmp partition for installation
Compare columns from two CSVs and merge on matches
Is there an Evergreen Linux distribution?
Use "tune2fs" on XFS filesystem, get "Couldn't find valid filesystem superblock."
Upload large file to Sourceforge
nice command behavior when only 1 function running
Linux - Reset Linux Foundation 2.0 root hub
How to seperate executable calls as different functions in shell script?
Linux strace not following child processes even with -f (multithreaded parent)
How do I mount an external SD card without using sudo?
rsync --compare-dest arg does not exist no matter what
Renaming a file the moment it appears in a folder
Does high Load average cgroups give "wrong" overall load average
how can i comment out/in a section in source code with sed or awk
Can't boot Linux OSes on new HP laptop
splitting file based on values in specific column
User can sudo although he is not in sudo group nor in /etc/sudoers
GRUB wont disable or it requires input
Using if and find together
Crontab -e @reboot script doesn't start on restart
Find files using shell script
Postfix using external smtp server problem
Specify encoding with libreoffice --convert-to csv
Passwordless ssh still asks for password when running as subprocess
Getting subprocess.Popen stdout when running by cron
Replace slashes in a filename
Using pam_exec.so to run a script as root when a user logs in (while extracting user information)?
Port forwarding using OpenVPN client
How to disable the volume popup in KDE Plasma 5.13?
CPU usage: user,system,idle always add up to 100%?
Delete Substring from JSON file (malformed)
Share ppp connection on Debian Stretch
osx virtualbox seamless mode
export env variables from file in a makefile
i3 - a hateful handful of font sizes for my desktop
Script to check server status from polybar
see both, text, cursors with two frames in emacs
Automating the installation of individual debian 8 packages with interactive prompts
Enabling DFS Wi-Fi Channels on Ubuntu 18.04
Why increase the size by 2B when adding only one?
Allow patch of symlinks
Impossible to remove ^I ending from a text file
Using `pgrep` to emulate `ps -ef` for use in a `for i in` loop
How can I find the three largest files under a directory?
Why is machine.slice shown as using memory, when it does not contain any processes?
What are these two IPv6 addresses on my Fedora 28 system?
Can I create a virtual network and place its configuration file outside of etc directory?
How do I find kernel headers for a specific version of Linux kernel?
Package "fontconfig" not found
What does `stat -c '%B' *` mean?
wc -c not working in a loop in the script
How do you use the AES key wrap cipher with the OpenSSL command line utility?
Stop connection with IP after X packets
Mutt: move emails only if some emails are tagged
Building .deb on Alpine
how to start into the x window server from linux mint ?
Improving performance of numerical loops in tcl
Desktop effects/graphics settings probably get reset after each reboot
Installing gdal python package inside Python27 Software Collection
Regex for matchng anything between parenthesis
Users authenticating via AD are no longer being prompted for password
How can i enter the sudo X command after having killed the mdm display manager?
what is the difference between starting a command with nohup and &?
Establish a shared terminal between two PCs through the internet
Non-block poll from two pipes?
is the shell a frontend to the terminal?
How to install Dropbox on Linux Mint 17.1 (ImportError: No module named os)
Unable to connect to internet from Centos VM
NFS no longer mounts: rpc-statd fails to start
debian wifi connection keeps dropping and establishing
How to grep a line with unknown number of its indented lines
Detect how much of Unicode my terminal supports, even through screen
What do I need to know, to search for a desktop wallpaper?
Initialization Sequence Completed, but terminal wont give a prompt
How can subtract 2 floats which have been extracted from 2 other files with BASH
Python script: wait until job in tmux session has completed
timout command is not timing out
scanimage does not find scanner unless sudo'ed, but shows up with sane-find-scanner (Raspbian)
Comparing variables in arithmetic
Sort command on more than one field
What does `line 19: 12364 Killed` mean in crontab error message?
CentOS - commands in rc.local not run
Automate a gratuitous ARP every x seconds
Scp from one server to another server?
telnet connection closes
Manually executing a CRON - Confused about params
SSH login via jump host using RSA
Debian Tor Browser Showing a Black Screen
An outdated version of bash was detected on your system! when updating sdkman
Ubuntu 16.04 and Synced folder
Bash unsets *_PID variable before I can wait on coproc
Can't mount Windows partition in Linux - hibernated, refuses to mount
When will ntp update the time
Would replacing sourced bash functions with executables decrease startup time
Expose locally cached images via Docker registry
To which stream does xsel print the no newline warning?
What system logs might tell me if a server lost its internet connection?
How do I update software that was built from source?
ubuntu mate caja settings need read and write options
How to monitor packets from a MAC address
A while back - Distribution installation media that could boot on several platforms?
Different Umask for Directories and Files
How can I copy a subset of files from a directory while preserving the folder structure?
Getting better resolution using X on OpenBSD w/VMWare Fusion
Where might the dbus development (.h) files be for RHEL5?
Where do files go when the rm command is issued?
Directory sync with automatic peer discovery
How to examine POST request over HTTPS?
What is a Transaction Check Error ? (yum update)
What did Ken Thompson mean when he said, "I'd spell creat with an 'e'."?
Make a windowmanager/desktop (Gnome) use only a part of an X11 server's (Xvfb) resolution
Write default array to variable in Bash
Why is my CIFS share showing the same files multiple times?
Execute file in its native directory with shell script
Install byobu (screen-profiles) on FreeBSD
Build Operating System version is different from Kernel version. Can this cause trouble?
Simple, user-friendly GUI file finder?
Color calibration on Linux Mint
Looking for a Linux distro with specific window related features
Temporarily suspend bash_history on a given shell?
Changing group and retaining environment variables
Installing Texlive on PC-BSD 8.2
What command do I use to spin up a "power up in standby" drive?
Qemu & AIX 6.1 - what am i missing?
True HTTPS? How?
Can you tell a window to spawn behind others?
How to keep my Debian system with the latest packages?
how to troubleshoot intermittent no route to host error
How do I change my monitor's gamma settings?
How can we customize linux file systems like ext2/3?
How do I configure my graphics drivers?
What is the difference between root and superuser?
Make minimal linux disk live
I am failing to build VirtualBox driver for Linux 2.6.38
Is there a port list migration command set for FreeBSD?
How much disk space should be allocated for FreeBSD?
How can I make the GNOME Shell Activities Bar small all the time?
Information about a laptop fan
APTonCD equivalent for Fedora
How do I install a PHP CLI with a usable interactive prompt on Debian Wheezy?
Is it possible to set su to use WE password dialog
Suggestions needed to debug why ps -ef gets stuck
How does battery life on a laptop compare between GNOME 2 and GNOME 3 (GNOME Shell)?
how can 'init' and 'service' command can cross normal-user life?
How can you get console backgrounds for Arch Linux?
ssh behavior for root and non-root user
How do I execute a script later?
Does research unix have any binary editor?
How can I switch one user to another in Freebsd?
Issue with Hugepage reservation in linux
How to execute Netscaler commands through a remote machine via SSH connection
Remote BIOS update from current running Linux OS
On ssh connection the auth.log shows as source IP the external IP of the server instead of the IP of the client
How do I run two ongoing processes at once in linux/bash?
Extract multiple instances of text between two words inclusive of starting word but exclusive of ending word
How to exit semi unresponsive Openbox session?
How to get better error VirtualBox in ArchLinux
Ansible nginx service on CentOS 6.7
Linux init script what does 0<&- &> achieve
How to shutdown a list of servers, making sure the first one is off before shutting down the next?
Bash Completion hangs all inputs
How to create files named 'a to z' - any trick?
How to boot GUI on a fedora 21 server through the command line
Where is the `$TERM` environmental variable set in Debian Jessie for console logins?
Why does oot say "hey" in usleep -o?
Monitor randomly turns off when I do something in fullscreen
Where can I find the Application-Library-Allowable-Codebase Attribute for Java?
Starting installation from a small program
Run GUI Application in a TTY Without Window Manager
How to remove this icon(update manager)?
httpd virtual host to proxy requests to FTP on another host
Wireless Mouse doesn't work after upgrading packages - Debian
Windows on SSD, Linux on HDD. No dual-boot. Separate bootloader devices. Will there be problems?
Switch back to root after switching using SU
Cross compiling Linux kernel module
running pam_exec script after login complete
systemd-networkd dhcp_hostname option
gNewSense livecd gives me an Error (callbacks suppressed)
How do I return the first matched result in each folder with find command in tcsh?
Linux Windows dual boot UEFI BIOS confusion
Nested double quotes for wrapping variables
Only USERID, PID, TIME, and COMMAND for specific user Shell Script
getopts does not seem to work
Install coccigrep on Ubuntu
Basic progress bar for each line of output in an async bash script
Remove files in linux with different folder files to delete in a folder as particular folder
Cannot pass argument through /proc/<pid>/fd/0
How to make systemd timer run exactly every 10 minutes, with a task that lasts slightly longer than that?
Memory dump on Ubuntu 18.04 failed on too big /proc/kcore/
dmesg exceptions on connecting 8TB WD SATA drive
Renaming parent directory of a directory that has symbolic links pointed to
Debian and my new AMD Ryzen 2700U (Vega 10) aren't friendly
X11 forwarding seems not working?
Diff between two csv files based on the column
Why do I not get a console with systemd?
Is it possible to cache pip downloads in a http cache server?
Linux touchscreen -- file menu item selected but not clicked on tap
Linux grep for file starting with certain letter AND contain certain words
PEAP authentication failure using wpa_supplicant
Changing root to new hard Disk partition breaks grub
X forwarding over ssh, issues with virtualbox
Unix Script, problem with a 2d array
Cannot overclock AMD GPU on Ubuntu 18.04 LTS
What does zstyle :compinstall filename do?
Debian 9. Sound works only ~17sec
how to fix the devices name ordering in guest vm (devices name ordering changed after reboot vm by virsh)
I HAVE TRY EVERY THING WITH THIS PIP BROKEN PROBLEM
Update of /etc/resolve.conf needs restart of application
How to append(both prefix and suffix) a string
locate: using updatedb to create a database of directories only?
Does lubuntu have an anti-blue light feature?
Duplicate screen Xorg over network (Xpra ?)
Inconsistency between “getent group” and “getent group <groupname>” – why?
Clone Debian installation
Installing headless chrome without sudo
Modify apache module mod_substitute source code
Forwarding my institute mail to gmail?
High Load Average:Red Hat Linux: 2.6.32-504.16.2.el6.x86_64: VMware Platform
"mount: / is busy" when trying to mount as read-only so that I can run zerofree
How can I delete all files with a particular extension in a particular folder?
How can I rename all files in the current directory having a particular extension to another extension?
Restoring an option at the end of a function in zsh
wireless is disabled by hardware switch even when not
How to set environment variable JAVA_HOME that will be saved on exit?
Network Printing in Fedora
How do I get my Logitech Quickcam 4000 up and running?
Extracting two patterns from a file on multiple lines with output side by side
remove number from beginning of filename
sed: -e expression #1, char 24: unterminated `s' command
How can I simulate usb connection between two virtual machines with qemu?
PureOS (Debian with linux-libre) doesn't load graphics firmware
Unable to configure VF 0 of PF 'ens5f1' because the PF is not online.. Need to understand these errors
How to use jobs to manage task by script produce
How to change window managers?
is it possible to combine grep -C or -A or -B with something that EXCLUDES the matching line
How to start Lumina by default? [OpenBSD]
How do I get transmission-daemon to seed a completely new file?
changing date format used by pam_lastlog.so
Print last N characters from all lines in a file using cut
Applying Job Template to subgroups in an inventory on Ansible-AWX
How to use pipes and stdin with commands that use - characters
Release modifier keys after using xdotool
CPU utilisation of Tomcat8 is high in Linux machine
Change name of dual boot system drive to custom name
How to map and compile terminfo for some terminal?
is it mandatory to configure the allow in chrony.conf
updating ubuntu issue apt-get update
Preserve cifs file permissions in samba share
Why doesn't SIGINT work on a background process in a script?
How to propagate the value of a variable
Executing a script inside an unknown directory
Pause a process based on screen blank status?
display file content from the beginning up to a multi-line pattern
display file content from some muti-line pattern to the end
how does fileless malware work on linux?
Extract the data description for disk drives
Java plugin crash on Ubuntu 16.04 / Firefox ESR 52.2.0
Server: Using Active Directory Groups For Sudo Fails Unless Name of File in /etc/sudoers Matches The Name Of The AD Group
Uninstall Android Studio + SDK
Execute a remote script on ESXi from a local RHEL
How to boot UEFI image from PXE?
Sort jpg according to creation date and convert to single pdf
vsftpd works with ipv6 but not with ipv4
with yum how can you remove a package but not remove its dependencies at the same time?
Order of execution for cloud-init-local on AWS Linux
Create, as a regular user, a tar with files owned by root
print varying number of lines before and after a pattern
Piping find results into another command
Adding up every 5 lines of integers
How to put a variable inside cURL?
Incorporate nm-applet in i3 window manager
How do I install powerpc-405-linux-gnu-gcc?
Grep multiple files and output to multiple files in a single command
Having a persistent IRC client
Is it possible to pass environment variables from child to parent in user space?
Ran this script, recoverable?
What does cgroups provider over ulimit?
ls: cannot access 'filename': No such file or directory (but file exists)
What are the --use-urandom or --use-random options in LUKS used for?
High-level user on Media Temple DV managed server (Plesk)
How are the services exactly starting in (K)Ubuntu?
Enable 9p filesystem type in Centos 6 virtual guest?
Preventing a new instance of a program to open when calling it
UDP commands for Linux and Mac?
How to get cron to delete files with names starting with foo and file extensions ending with bar? - done with php script
How do I switch to vi editing mode in readline?
BASH : Array as String Buffer
I had a folder full of files, then I used "sudo mount" to mount a Windows samba share. Where did the files go?
Resume mirroring via wget
Gentoo Linux Still Popular Today?
Connect Huawei E3131B 3g Modem
sharing folders in virtual box
How automatically change the orientation according to display's pivot position?
How to remove a directory with "Too many levels of symlinks"
bash howto script - if no answer or mutliline answer
Hiding encryption key in unpartitioned free space of SSD
Centos : yum errors : dependencies conflict
"../../src/filesdb.c:683: findnamenode: Assertion `(*pointerp)->name[0] == '/'' failed."
Using find command to find folder ignoring case
Wi-Fi Network Device Not Ready (firmware missing)
Get Substring assigned to a variable
Move network device between Linux network namespaces
What is best approach for setting up internet gateway from orange pi running Raspbian
Find and delete folders within directory that are older than x days
Why do I get ”mount error(1): Operation not permitted“ on ”mount.cifs“ in a LXC container on a Proxmox VE machine?
Copy files under modified name
Show only changed lines without syntax with git diff
cshell text editor
The mysterious case of the slow ethernet connection on a Debian router
Unable to boot linux ubuntu
Ansible copy module failure: "you may have been able to authenticate and did not have permissions on the target directory..."
Making libinput touchpad configuration permanent
my centos X server stop working
Why can't I change directory to the current directory with permission denied?
How to handle a docker swarm in secure way(when communication is using a public NIC)?
FreeNas share showing wrong modified time on MAC
Why can't I change directory to the current directory with permission denied?
Need to split large csv file
Ubuntu 16.04 swap space fills up, never releases
Rename multiple directories using rename command, name involves parenthresis
bspwm on cygwin - slow redraw isssue
How to tell if a block device is the same as one previously connected?
Pip vs Package Manager for handling Python Packages
Checking if two files have the same content not working
Executing `sh -c` script through SSH (passing arguments safely and sanely)
KDE konsole command line option --profile not working
Unmet dependencies: libjpeg8 (>= 8c) but it is not installable when installing R
Store variable in another variable
Linux Keeps Operating after rm -rf --no-preserve-root /
How does Bash handle quoting in the string replacement section of parameter expansion?
Adding modules to Kernel in LEDE distribution
When does globstar descend into symlinked directories?
Unable to start firefox on centOs 6 from iterm2 on mac
Where does qemu-img store images and how can i delete them?
A little doubt about MASQUERADE and SNAT/DNAT
What's the difference between du and df?
Repository error with yum
Using case and arrays together in bash
Centos7 - minimal installation: echo $TERM gives me 'linux' and 'tput colors' gives '8'. How to change that?
How to avoid login logging?
dm-crypt / cryptsetup which block encryption dimension use
Journalctl stopped logging after being overflowed and rebooted
How can I identify which directories are on a different file system?
In which case DNS uses TCP port 53
Mount point for system-wide USB disk
Installing custom packages on Linux
inaccessible directory
Is it possible to undo LVM pvmove?
Yakuake is not restoring my appearance settings
Terminal only as "Desktop"
E: Package '<any package>' has no installation candidate
How can I resolve an IP address to a hostname in Arch Linux?
How do I successfully install GLFW on Linux Mint?
Access office URL through browser outside office
eth0 interfering with wlan0. pi networking
how to send integer as a parameter
How to start a script after login using gdm?
acpi rtc wakeup on battery (Debian testing)
Virtualbox cannot load the Qt platform plugin "xcb" on Crunchbang Waldorf
How to change search result highlight in vi?
Editing config file via a bash script
Pidgin & Lync - Some buddies are not recognized
Control cpu freq depending on ac/battery state
How to autologin with XDM?
ls gives me different sort orders during a cron job
Creating multiple devices from one device?
How can find support large files?
How can I make tmux monitor a window for inactivity?
How do I increase the overall font size in GnuCash on Linux Mint?
can't start x11vnc without attached monitor
How should I proceed in troubleshooting rtorrent?
Help searching in files for regex patterns, recursively, with specialized output
How to change the forgotten root password?
Mounting a drive and accessing it
How do I dual boot backtrack 5 r3 and Windows 8?
Python 2.7 and 2.6 coexist on the same machine
How to sort date: YYYY.MM.DD. HH:MM?
Theoretical possibilities for cpu emulation built into boot-loader or kernel?
How to associate a separate station to a Wifi AP
Raise Brightness When Maximizing Terminal
Rsync after copy
How to make 1:52 to 01:52 with eg.: sed?
Get PID of the application running in the active terminal emulator
Problem with WPA connection on OpenBSD
How to start a GUI program in a VM with PHP
Rsync over Rsync via cronjob
puppet certificate catching error
Any unix utility/tool to auto backup files before saving?
Windows shared network printer keeps using rear tray as source
Delete lines containing repeated text
What is the best place to put php files above server root directory?
Changing the server name
What is the "cost" of deeply nested folders in ext4?
Amazon EC2 MySQL Failed to Start
How to temporarily ban an IP address, after "n" number of SSH login failures?
How can I prevent drivers from binding USB devices on a certain bus?
grep and sort options
Print sets of lines that do not have a corresponding pair
Ubuntu 16.04 USB - UEFI Installation - Will Not Boot on BIOS Machine
su cannot open session error when starting Oracle XE database
Ubuntu 14.04 does not save screen resolution
How do I replace characters only on certain lines?
mac terminal - how to make a directory require SUDO access to delete it?
How to get yum to use the already imported gpg keys?
Add Konsole to favorites in Gnome3
pkg search options so that local copy of catalog is updated if successful, but not deleted on failure?
How can I set sudo to only give one try?
What does ttyctl -f do, and why does it enable flow control in vim, mutt, etc.?
cloned drive won't boot. (It was a LUKS encrypted drive)
How to grep exim command output in terminal?
GNU sort's handling of URLs with UTF-8 - where is this documented?
GNU screen: how do I use :aclumask to set permissions to unknown users?
add android studio to PATH environmental variable?
Copy output of curl to file
Implementing a command that executes the given command in a certain path and returns to the current path
Set GPIO permissions cleanly
Using Creative Sound Blaster on Ubuntu Server
How to properly export and import NFS shares that have subdirectories as mount points also?
shell backup script, missing `]`
Concise way to output to file if argument is given, to stdout otherwise
Start SSH session in some other directory than their home directory and lock them there
Weird samba and gvfs behavior - ~half of directories/files randomly appears to be "missing"
bind9named binary missing - not starting
"Modules not found" error during kernel install
Shell script hangs on mail command
changing an environment variable like PATH forever
Is it safe to use GParted while booted?
How are email headers generated?
Is there an easy way to migrate from thunderbird to evolution?
File size of 60.0 PB is wrong. Can deleting it cause data loss?
Running jobs in parallel on Ubuntu - I/O contention differences between Perl and Java
PHP file recursive change array key on find
Create a series of increasingly larger files
How can I block a network with lighttpd?
IP of localhost
What are the recommended ways of defending a remote *nix install from a hamfisted admin?
Exiting a pipeline if a former command fails
How do I get sound to work outside lightdm
How do I configure which ethernet connections are active on boot?
Setting timezones
Changing mode preference (1x/EVDO/Hybrid) for USB modem
Untar only a certain number of files from a large tarball
Upgrading Slackware 13.1 to Slackware-current, is it a big leap?
Does the kernel delete entries in /dev on an initramfs?
Turning off dual monitors with "xset dpms force off" does not work - why?
What are possible reasons for erratic NTP synchronistation?
Wrapping a shell script with tee
Converting dvd to MKV videos, anything wrong here?
Extracting only the module and the libraries from the AMD ATI proprietary drivers
Is it possible to change password database file(/etc/passwd) in linux?
How can I set environment variable permanently through shell script?
How to find out how fc-match matches?
Can I create a local only guest account?
Copy multiple files and append to end of filename
What is hvc0? (appearing in "who" list)
Detecting that a device is mounted to a particular folder?
Can't boot kali linux first time (dual boot) UTMP; TMDS & ACPI errors
history is shifted by 5 lines
Replace string in multiple files (same directory) with condition
delete empty blocks with nesting
MediaRecorder: Audio becomes very fast after start again and again
Searching whole system for files with specific inode
How can I send duplicate packets, one instantly and one with a delay?
Dell Precision Trackpoint Odd configuration
accessing path from outside the root with symlink
sfdisk --no-read doesn't work
proxify a custom program to proxychains
I'm on '4.3.0-kali1-amd-64' but cannot install linux-headers?
set -e in a subshell
Extend virtual hard disk for CentOS
Redirection after a process has started
Can initramfs programs access all memory - do they run in real or protected mode?
Should I run Gnome keyring the only way to be to connect to wifis?
How to get the F1-F4 keys to behave normally in tmux
Put console on ttyS0 if guest OS is booted headlessly
Find files in a directory for two days i.e today's and Yesterday
Is there a more efficient way of defragmenting Linux memory other than rebooting?
Manipulating a picture pdf
I require some help with traceping
yum no longer able to detect/access repository
Grub error: no such partition after fresh install
How to shutdown the computer from Openbox as a menu item?
Will autologin create remote security problems?
How to search for Debian packages by tags?
cd two levels down from root
Create clickable links in terminal
Long gcc compile time
Is there an equivalent of addr2line on AIX system?
Where node.js was installed?
How to specifying different ports for multiple host in cssh?
Copy files without encryption (ssh) in local network
strace got message --- SIGIO (I/O possible) @ 0 (0) ---
RTC clock time sync with the Linux time on Startup
Something like a symbolically linked file, but with change details attached?
core i7 processor - x86-64 , cross compile kernel
why is my php script slower on debian than freebsd?
Is there a graphical shell or scripting environment for Linux?
Using SUDO to execute a general command inside a non-accessible directory
Is it possible to tell Xorg not to listen on the abstract socket
audit activity on abstract domain sockets?
Does using noatime on modern Linux make sense?
does anybody know this window manager
Why doesn't SLES 10.3 has /dev/shm?
Kali Linux Live USB boots into text mode. Unable to Start the GUI
How to copy a debootstrap (chroot) directory to another computer?
Find & Delete directories in .zip files
How to prevent a specific instance of xterm from title changes?
Compile proftpd with MySQL authentication support on AIX
Why does a disk clone using dd take up more space on the target than the source image?
Can I truncate long file names in ls listing
How to beat GRUB2 into submission?
How difficult will it be to determine, get and apply latest patches to Solaris 8
Is it possible to install a linux desktop environment from a live cd?
Scanner assumes document feeder is legal-sized
"history" stops working when run inside bash script
Installing as 'root' is not currently supported - what should I do?
Is CDPATH behavior broken in bourne shell (/bin/sh)
What is the "mintsystem" service setting and when would I want to activate it?
Zenity refuses to work in background
Safenet Authentication Client Tools error when Reboot or restart the eTSrv- and pcscd-services
How does Linux winbindd determine available domain controller?
How to determine if disk is compact flash or standard hard drive
imaging/cloning with DHCP network rebuilding/recovery of solaris 9 and 10 sparc servers
Getting "Protocol not supported" from setkey: why?
How to remove GNOME 3 and restore GNOME 2
Change the time format for the touch command in BSD
Find biggest files or directories
Why are partition size and df output different?
ANDed conditional using regexp and variables
Arch Linux not functional after kernel upate
Why does the rc.status file set the LC_ALL locale
substrings and regexps
sources for doing profiling of kernel portions?
How to use bash script to read binary file content?
How to change previous/next word shortcut in bash?
Module Stacking in Linux device drivers
How to configure DHCP so that boot is completed even without a DHCP server?
What is the "/usr/local/src" folder meant for?
"which" command difference
"lsmod |grep audio" doesn't return anything?
How to execute a shell command from a "starter"?
Why does my Debian VMWare virtual machine lose all network connections ~15 minutes after boot?
Where do my ANSI escape codes go when I pipe to another process? Can I keep them?
Is it possible to install applications in docker container permanently?
How to find all files that contain the + sign on a directory recursively?
Using sed to replace percent structures
Weird behaviour of find -exec rm when using multiple name patterns
unable to create a file in another partition of disk in manjaro
Kernel recompile fails using source found in /usr/src/kernels on CentOS 8
Copying/Moving folders where destination folder already exists
Airgeddon is not giving the handshake, despite it seems that it capture it
Does var directory in the linux file system hierarchy has any performance implications?
A process is being stopped by SIGTTIN. Is there a good way of tracing what process (or kernel) sent this and why?
Sudenly, firefox is not opening at Parrot OS
Force Bash to use 8 colors
How can I run a script when a connection opens on a port?
Using a variable as pattern for case command
How do I make my computer ask before shutting down instantly?
replace expressions of the form \myExpr{this is a sentence} with "this is a sentence"
Can't use different font families in groff -ms
Installed Linux Mint - HDMI and general Nvidia graphics issues
how open file system's GUI-window through terminal
Slow PDF CUPS printing - Fast from GUI - What conversion is taking place?
Is installing base-files:i386 safe?
Best way to auto-start a program without using cron in Kali Sana?
Split string into array and print each element on a new line with commandline
echoing a variable inside a variable
Kali Linux 2.0 broken, doesn't boot
Origin of /etc/termcap linux entry
Installing Elementary OS - will it automatically be added to the Grub menu?
Let' encrypt - nginx - OCSP stapling
If i install Elementary OS, will it automatically be added to the grub menu?
Cron Job Hourly Except Certain Time Frame on Friday
How to understand partition table on hybrid ISO image?
augtool saving failed
Piped commands performance in embedded Linux
shell command wrapper for socat
awk is putting last column in a new line
How can I parse a multi-line command output in bash?
why lsdel in debugfs doesn't work?
Add IPv6 address to existing IPv4 interface not working
How to check if previous command asked for input?
How to uninstall apps that added using ./install command?
Cannot execute command to specific column with gawk
How to stop a unit while another unit runs
New laptop, don't know what linux version, cannot start GUI
Debian computer: usr part corrupt
Securing a simple Linux server that holds a MySQL database?
Oracle VM CPU usage at 100% even if only 3 out of 4 cores assigned
why my "host-only" nic on virtualbox refuse the ssh?
Server access through two different wifi routers
Viewing relevant information about file accesses from the audit log
Open terminal window from script
Force cp to perform illegal operation on inode
Linux disable/hide mtdblock devices from lsblk
RHN Clients Transaction Error Oracle Linux 6.1 Server to Desktop
Unable to mount USB on Ubuntu
flock command script fail on xunbuntu 16.04 - cant understad why
Tiling window manager using mouse only
Why does Fedora create /root with permissions `r-xr-x---`?
Kali linux VM VBOX guest additions, Terminal: permission denied
What is the standard approach for shared home directories for a user across multiple machines?
Understanding what ddrescue is telling me
Can't force urxvt load font, no matter what (unable to load base fontset)
Discrepancy in disk usage between btrfs fi show and btrfs fi df
Help: ATA disk header failed
make bash exit if declare statement fails
Mounting a hard drive (beginner)
TSC_DEADLINE disabled due to Errata
Resolve unmet dependencies
Why do `time` and `strace -c` differ?
Remap touch mouse buttons in Linux
Clone a block device using 'cat'
AWK issue using unix scripts
Mail in spam - spf is set
How to backup a running linux distro to .img or .iso from within that running distro
error upgrading centos 7.3 to 7.4
Why is `source ~/.bash_aliases` exiting with syntax error?
Save /etc/X11/xorg.conf on reboot
Tips for Troubleshooting Remote IMAP/SMTP Host Connection with OPENSSL and NMAP
Is 'zfs send' a safe read only command?
Process Priority value is different in procfs
Can I go to the Legacy BIOS on a Chromebook without having to unscrew?
Nextcloud 12 giving me an issue with X-Frame-Options
Apache SSI redhat 6
Linux / CFS: How do cgroupsv1 cpu.share / cgroupsv2 cpu.weight and nice process weights interact
Is there any web panel available out there that can start and stop a custom script/command I use to start/stop/update processes?
serial device output looks fine in gnu screen but garbled using cat
Remove special characters at end of row in unix file
Tunnel all connection in reverse SSH
Understanding ss Output
LXDE panel move right-hand Info-apps to right
Is ZFS safer with non-ECC RAM if you disable checksums?
How to open a file in MonoDevelop with spaces in the path?
What's the difference between these two calls to `du -sm`?
Copy files in parallel from remote servers using some command on terminal?
Writing a command to a script file with proper quoting
Difference between AIX and other Unix flavours
sliding window of JPGs from thousands of files
Re-enable route cache
How to replace all the first occurences in matched lines with incremental number?
qemu can't run linux kernel
Fix "Route hash chain too long" without restart
LUKS change encryption key
Kernel logs on power failure
Prevent a second instance of my software from starting
Why current directory doesn't change in makefile?
UUID vs /dev/sdX in FSTAB
How to merge two network interface in one?
Display possible corrections but do not apply them automatically
find length of longest line in all text files in a directory
Fedora 20 system freezes when the Fedora logo appears
Command-line parameters in bash script not recognised
Nexenta bash script uses /usr/sun/bin/sed instead of /usr/bin/sed
Cannot find Nvidia driver with pacman
How can I "lazily" read output from xrandr?
Reboot when no network connection does not work!
What are the differences between socket polling mechanisms of kqueue and epolling?
Can't boot slackware after installation. Liloconfig not found
How can I replace root / filesystem with another filesystem?
mailing thru ssh
Domain Name problems in CentOS hosted under VirtualBox
'E:The package linux-headers-3.5.0-54 needs to be reinstalled, but I can't find an archive for it. ' when upgrading the system
Redhat / Centos 7 Firewalld best practice for pptp or L2TP/IPsec rules
xargs line too long
File manager that shows bit rate for mp3 files
How can I run a GUI on my server through SSH?
How to set GTK icon theme in i3?
How to install multiple PHP instances and configure for Apache
What does this mean? (apt-get issue)
How to set up USB mouse to wake up closed laptop
VPN SSL Network Extender in Firefox
How can I set up a local MTA on NixOS?
Why is my Fedora Linux system swapping like crazy?
Shell script to sort by date column using Linux command 'sort'
Connecting to a docker host!
Building a box with packer that runs on vagrant-libvirt
Is there any database solution that can do master-master replication by default on OpenBSD?
How can I get the list of ldap users without being sudo?
Does `at` run a command later if the computer is off at the specified time?
How to install Vuze torrent client from the official website on Linux?
eval not evaluating echo?
How to mount an iso disk image hidden in an unallocated free space on a disk, assuming that the location and size of the image are known?
`sudo setsid command` does not spawn new process group?
count unique entry in a particular column between search pattern
Are there any distributed filesystems in OpenBSD?
Gentoo's openrc hangs forever in "caching service dependencies..."
linux mint - loud system beep on laptop
Authenticating To Multiple LDAP Servers
Listing audio files with bit rate in the command line
How to get notification from upower when UPS is on battery
Replace specific text only in specific fields using nawk
Trouble in adding a column with awk
Why doesn't this piped script work?
How to edit /etc/sysconfig/iptables from: RESCUE MODE boot?
Balance outgoing traffic
How print only the current logged in "root" user IP address?
PPTP VPN client connectivity not working
MongoDB "service" on clean Redhat can not be started
Image size with gscan2pdf and ImageMagick `convert` bloat
Calculate Apache's response time for last 10 seconds
Why asterisk in command result in for loop is expanding?
bash/shell pathname expansion for mkdir, touch etc?
Redirect domains to different ports on same machine
Disable bash's cache of executables in the path
Mounted volume name in terminal is different from in GUI
Coloring different sources for tail
Is there a Software-Center (like in Ubuntu) in Debian?
Serving webpages with Apache on Ubuntu server
How to migrate from Proxmox to VMWare?
How to permit any user (mysql, apache, etc) to use any TCP or UDP port?
Is there anyway to download an entire RHEL repo from windows?
Clickable PDFs in rxvt
Get text between a word and the last line?
Logging in to VirtualBox via SSH
Find all symlinks to a directory and change target to another directory
Generating file with ASCII numbers using /dev/urandom?
rc.local hang on bootup
Why are rmdir and unlink two separate system calls?
Battery standby
Killing multiple instances of the script from the script itself
Why setuid does not work on executable?
What is needed for a minimal systemd boot to launch getty on a virtual console?
Can Capslock mimick the use of shift
Which reasons may cause low MHz of CPU
Merge every second line from two files
Linux Memory Allocation/De-allocation
Rsync keep full symlink directory structure
How to monitor if a binary has been executed with no additional tool?
Trouble setting up network namespaces and virtual devices
set kms specific resolution at boot time
Is it ok to combine machines with DNS server management and machines that do host lookups through a hosts file?
grub-reboot and grub-set-default dont work properly
Bash no such file or directory
Omit/suppress DSA key fingerprint auth on connect
FreeBSD: /dev/dsp exists ("ls -al /dev/dsp"), but does not show in "ls -al /dev"
How to Pin Point Large File eating space in Fedora 18
Writing logs for openvpn in Ubuntu18
How may I run rsync with "parallel" from the local system to fetch files in parallel?
How to show "number of failed login attempts" on a successful ssh login?
How to set the permission drwxr-xr-x to other folders?
Installing other Linux in an encrypted disk
Service script and shared libraries
How to get a Seagate 2 TB USB drive automounted?
Gnome 3 custom keybinds with xdotool
Avoid creation of .k5login file in a SFTP Chroot configuration
Installing VirtualBox in Fedora 21 using RPM Fusion is giving me problems
/etc/fstab/ rw option is being ignored for mircosd card partition in ArchLinux
bash script problem when run from desktop launcher
Copy EXIF meta data from the Keywords to the Description on a huge amount of photos in sub folders
Kondemand process consumes most of my CPU
Show connected printers in CUPS
Is dynamic DNS the only possible way to establish a connection between two routers with temporally IPs?
How to make program help text automatically pipe through less?
What's the difference between a machine's IP address and localhost
linux (general) file/directory rename/delete operations under os permission scheme
CP2102 usb to serial error
Run fgrep multicore mac os x
How to replace string with abc\\efg[255 with abc\\efg[23 using sed
what are considered old and powerfull commands?
What do i have to consider to write a script that reacts on a keypress?
How do I change my tor IP?
Linux Desktop VDI from thin client
A consistent and safe approach to passwordless accounts with SSH
command to clean up old log files
Consecutive commands
Invalid IP parameter on nginx setup
Intel HD 4400 external display with linux
Make Firefox use xdg-open for opening files
Bash - how to run a command after the previous finished?
Linux Mint 13 Problem - No module named site
Debugging why nix is building a package unnecessarily when it should be in nixpkgs binary cache?
How to configure Libreswan IPsec for multiple connections?
Data syncronization
Can't reset password
Strange errors when invoking bash after setting allexport
Sort command changes string output
How do I change the boot text?
What is a sensible way to pipe the first argument and all proceeding arguments separately
bash script single quote and backslash creation
Backing up a deduplicated BTRFS filesystem
Xorg: Having authenticated in X as a remote user allows me to have access to another users' applications?
Add day of the year as a number between 1-365/366 to file
How many memory segments?
rsync doubles the size when copied from ext4 to NTFS-3G
Create a new locale on FreeBSD
lz4 compression is only using a single core?